[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Speaker 279, how are you?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: I'm good, how are you doing today?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Good, good, thank you, happy to have you here. Thank you. To be here. You are first from your team, so we're just going to give it another second and then we'll get underway.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Okay, sounds great.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: [PERSON], welcome. Welcome. [PERSON], hello. Hi, pleasure to meet you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Right. Speaker 256, [PERSON], [PERSON], welcome.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Glad to have you. Here comes Speaker 152. Hey, Speaker 152. Hello. Hi. How. Are you doing?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Good. How are you?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Good. Thank you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Got a lot of your colleagues on the line. It's very exciting.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah. We have
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: I don't know. Yeah, we have a few people who have not been in the other demos, but who are on our new products, quality, advanced quality team, or our supplier team. And so, it would be directly engaging with some of the things that we're going to review today. And I do appreciate you kind of pivoting today on making sure that we're going to see some of the things things more of the things that we want this team specifically to see. So I appreciate you doing.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: That. But yeah, we have, yeah, most of the team that's here today directly involved with our park qualification processes from our new products or from a supplier standpoint, maybe directly involved with PPAT processes and things like that, so they have some familiarity. And I'll lean on them to ask questions. Because these are the areas that I'm not as familiar with. So.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Perfect. And about how many people from this group, Speaker 152, were part of the first demo with Speaker 089?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, just a couple who are on the call, right? Now. So I would say about a third of the people on the call, right? Now. We might get a few other people joining and thinking. I'm. Just not sure exactly who else is going to join. Enjoy it. And then whoever can't join. Today, we're going to there's other people who are invited who will get them the recording as well.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Perfect. Okay. That's just helpful for Speaker 089 to know. So Speaker 089, maybe we just do a quick intro, just so this team has a standing point and then we can jump in from there, since it'll be brand new for you guys. But you do have access to the other 2 recordings, Speaker 152, so feel free to share those as you see fit too. Perfect. Okay. Does it make sense to get underway? Do we have enough people here?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, sounds good. All.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Right. Fantastic. All right. Looking forward to it, Speaker 152. Thank you for your help with all of this. And I think someone else just joined as well. All right. Well, to everyone on the call, hello and welcome. My name is Speaker 084. Speaker 084. I am your Speaker 191 Accountant. Executive here at ABC Corp. It is a pleasure to meet you all and spend the next hour and a half with you for this.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Demo. This time together today has been derived from a few conversations with Speaker 152 and some of your other colleagues that we've had over the past about a month and a half now, Speaker 152, I think, maybe 2 months, where we've been learning about your project, your initiative, some of the pain points you guys are trying to solve. Solve. And this is Demo Number 3, where we're really digging into more of the specific areas that we've had kind of hands raised about to see. So. That's what we're going to do. Today. I'm going to briefly introduce you to [COUNTRY], who we are, right? Why. Are you spending time with [COUNTRY]? Today? And then kind of cover what we heard from you just as a base point. And then we're going to go ahead and jump right into the demo. I promise.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: My part is really small. You're here to see this software. We're going to get you in. We're going to cover DFMEA, PFMEA, and then we're going to tackle the conversation around APQP and PPAP as well. In addition to myself, I have my colleague, Speaker 089 on the line. Speaker 089 is going to be spearheading. The demo for you. What's great is Speaker 089 owns 2 hats here at ABC Corp. One, he is a senior solutions.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Engineer. He knows the product inside and out. So you really are in great hands with that piece. But two, he's also the director of our EHS component. And so he really kind of is the expert piece on that. So he is coming to you with a vast set of knowledge to be able to spearhead this conversation today. So we're excited about that. In addition, to, we're also looking to have one of our other colleagues, [PERSON], join [COUNTRY] as well. He owns the product. [PRODUCT_SUITE] that we are going to be covering for today's demo agenda that you see here on the screen. So you are covered in good hands. Certainly I've got Q&A noted here, but if they come up at all, any sort of questions at all, feel free to interrupt [COUNTRY] and ask questions along.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: The way. [PERSON]'t feel like you have to wait until the end of the conversation to ask your questions. Here. But. Let's go ahead and dig in because I know you're eager to see the solution. I'm eager for you to see the solution and get your thoughts and feedback. So with that, let's talk about what we heard from you. And. This is all information that we've heard around from Speaker 152 as well as some of your other colleagues, kind of today, right? Why today? The company has experienced extreme growth, which is a phenomenal problem to be having. Now QMS, EHS, we've got PLM, supplier, right? All kind of now prioritized and approved. And. So you're looking really to understand understand what we've heard from you. How do you take your current legacy manual homegrown systems and turn this into a solution that is going to be intuitive and easy to use, kind of that single source of truth for your organization. We really want?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: To help you with data integrity. Issues. We want to help you with changing, putting data right at your fingertips. So you can be proactive rather than reactive, giving you a way to modernize moving forward. We heard from you that your immediate priority list was around, kappas and audits, and analytics, which we covered in the first demos, together, and then additional areas of interest, PFMA, FMEA supplier kind of future. And the great news is we can cover all of that, and I'll demonstrate that to you in just a minute. Here. But I'll take a quick pause because projects are very fluid. Any changes, anything new, anything else I should be aware of when we think about your project?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: No, the only thing I would say for everyone on the call is just that we would do all of this in phases. And our first phase that we're…most…sorry. First phase, second half of this year that we're pushing towards making a decision and then being able to implement the second half of the year would be the nonconformance and RCCA or CAPA. And then audits, inspections, inspection, and then these other items FMEA, PFMA control plans. They're on our roadmap as well, but probably not for the probably not this year, but yeah. Okay. I think this really kind of sets up where we are today, what we're looking for, and the main things that we're looking at. The other two, document control and training are part of our requirements, and we've looked at some of that too. But also we don't necessarily know how we would use those if we're going to use those, but they are part of the requirements of the system.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Great call out on that. Yeah, we talked about how you currently have solutions in place for those, but if down the road you were to move those into ABC Corp, you absolutely could. Eliminating 2 more systems, right? So that would help take care of that for you on the IT side.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Okay, perfect. Perfect. Alright, I'm going to keep going here because I know you want to get into the system. So really, quickly, who are we? ABC Corp has been in the industry a little over, excuse me, a little over 10 years now. At this point. We are based out of [LOCATION], [LOCATION]. We have just over 400 people globally, supporting the organization from a variety of roles. So you are in phenomenal hands in that regard. Financially Strong, backed by Partners, we've got over 300,000 users across 1,500 Customer 10 10 sites, which we are incredibly proud.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Of. We are worldwide with an award winning solution, most recently with [ANALYST_FIRM] and with [ANALYST_FIRM] listing [COUNTRY] as a top and the number one QMS supplier and AI solution out on the market. And then, of course, you can see here some examples of those we've been lucky to partner with over the years. So when we say we know that the area and we know the space, we really do say it. And these are some companies who have had similar pain points and challenges, and we've been able to help them, so we know we can help you too. What I'm most
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Proud of on this slide, is this over 1,200 man, years of domain. Experience. You're going to hear it from Speaker 089, but it echoes through everyone that touches your solution. Everyone lives and breathes. This area, everything we're focusing on for your project. And that's transferred over to you to ensure your project's success. And I think that's something that really helps [COUNTRY] stand out into the market. And. Ultimately, what we bring to you is a unified middle office, what we call a middle office. Think of it as a quality.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: 360, right? We kind of link being that single source of truth for you, but we tie in that front office, which is often where your CRM and some of your other sales marketing companies Customer 10 10 are going to be able to do. That. Service solutions are to those all important, what we would call back office solutions, your ERP, your MAS, your HR, and really tie it into this living organism within your operations here. That really transforms how you're working, gives you a unified hub, gives you something that's scalable, configurable, automation, predictive, analysis, really connecting all of that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Really important data that sets you aside. At the end of the day. So let me give you the 5,000 foot view before Speaker 089 turns the system on for you and starts going through it, just so you can see what's possible and kind of where we are within the solution. So what you see on this slide are our 4 quests that we offer here at ABC Corp. You've got [PRODUCT_SUITE], which is Lifecycle and Design Quality. [PRODUCT_SUITE], which is anything and everything encompassing quality. Doc, training, change, audits, CAPAs, complaints. Complaints, Risk, everything in this piece. We've got [PRODUCT_SUITE], which is Supplier, anything related to Suppliers, the Portal, the Rating, the Scorecards, the Audits, etc. And then [PRODUCT_SUITE], so Safety and Environmental over here on this side. When we tie this into your project, you can see right here, this is where we had demo number one, where we focused on Audits, Kappa, and Non Conformance. Demo number.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Two, we showed the same thing, and we also added in the document management and training management capabilities just to show out what that would look like. Today where we're focused on.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: What you're going to see from Speaker 089 is over here in the [PRODUCT_SUITE] area. So you can see the DFMEA, PFMEA, APQP that we talked about earlier in the agenda slide over here. So you can really start to see how quickly your project needs align with our solution. So you're not just getting a disparate solution. That's not the case here. You're getting truly an enterprise offering from ABC Corp that can span across all of this because quality touches every department. It's not just one piece, right? And really through one partner, one platform, one system to train on, can get everything that you need and then grow your ROI out from there. So. It's really exciting. We're thrilled to be having this conversation with you because it's a really great fit for what we do, incredibly well and helping you to solve solve this.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Problem. Your needs. And on top of that, we've got the AI, we've got the advanced analytics, we've got mobile. So really excited to show you the platform and get your feedback. So with that, I'm going to take a quick pause. Any questions for me before I officially turn it over to Speaker 089?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: No? Okay. With that, Speaker 089, I'm going to turn it over to you. If you have questions for Speaker 089. Throughout, feel free to interrupt, as I mentioned, before, and ask questions. Americans, if you're more hesitant and you'd like to put the questions in chat. I will field them over to him when he takes a pause and make sure you we get those answered for you. But. Looking forward to your thoughts, comments, feedback and yeah, Speaker 089 over to you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Perfect. So just confirm. Team, can everyone see my screen? Do I mouse moving around?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So we're going to hop right into the actual project itself. So when you're managing your individual, APQP process itself, typically, you would start to do that through what we call a project. And. This is where you're going to start to manage all the individual activities. You're going to be essentially undertaking within the system to essentially bring that individual product to reality. So this is essentially that entire planning process. Itself. So if I open up one as an example. Here, again, you have a defined and workflow at the very top going from draft into plan to plan.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: To plan. Design, Transfer. Now, the first page that we're going to be faced with here, this is again, just some identification as to what we're actually doing. So, brief description, giving some idea of what the goal is. It could be either to create a new product or it could be potentially to update an existing product. Itself. I can go through and I can attach individual start and end dates and all of my associated information. Information link this to specific areas within the actual organization itself. So again, some part development may happen in.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: [REGION], some may happen in South. Again, just being able to identify where this project is going to be based out. Of. But also over here on the right hand, side, you have the ability of adding your associated team. Members. Now the team member functionality here. It's not only giving visibility into the specific project, project, but also potentially giving write access into the project as well. And what I mean by that is you can start to see at this point I've added a few individuals. They all have editing access into the actual system.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Itself. So again, it's more a matter of at this point, I'm now able to identify who's going to be able to come in and make potential edits to this overall project. I can go through and if I just wanted to give let's say April just view only access I could specify her access as view only. So she can come in and she could start to see the information, but she won't be able to do anything with it. Just because of the fact she doesn't have that editing. Functionality. If I move over into my deliverables. This is where you can start to see your individual areas for action creation.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So so to to speak. Speak. And this is where through your individual stages of your planning, development, verify and validate and design transfer, you can create as many or as few individual tasks as required and assign them out to the various individuals across the organization. Now team, keep in mind, this can be, or a couple of things can happen. Here. You can template all of this information. So this way you're not having to go through and create all of these tasks. Time. You can create a basic template or a complex template. And. We've seen this done with multiple organizations where if it's a simple project, maybe they only have one or 2 tasks per individual grouping.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Itself. But for something more complex, something such as a brand new individual product, they may have 20 and 30 individual tasks based on the deliverable itself. But as I said, all of this can be templated and all you would need to do at that point is define who the assignee is for the associated tasks. Within each of these tasks, you can actually organize them in a very deliberate, way. So task number. One can't be or needs to be completed before task number.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: 2 gets kicked off. You can have multiple tasks kick off at the same time. It's again, very configurable based on your requirements here. But the idea. And the thought process is throughout the entire life of the project, I would be able to go through, identify the associated tasks, link them to the associated person within the system. This will create a task for them. And if I were to open one of these up. Here, I can see the associated task, who was assigned, and since they have completed it, all the end information, so to speak, and any comments. Comments. If there was again a control document in this case that they needed to update.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: I can actually link that directly in here. But. What we're actually doing at this point is we're creating interlinkages between our individual applications. Itself. So if there are things such as control documents, it's obviously going to go to the control document and being able to go through and start to visualize or start to see that information quickly and easily upfront without any any issue. Now for those who have not been through a presentation with me. Previously, anytime something gets created or assigned in the system itself, it is going to automatically, as I mentioned, generate a task that someone will need to complete.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: And those tasks will send out notifications. Now notifications happen, not only in the app, so in here we can see this little 20, right? Above my cursor here, that's identifying that there's there are 20 new notifications for me and I can open this up and I can see what all the notifications are. If I have my mobile app installed on my mobile device, whether it's a [MOBILE_DEVICE] or an Android device, you can download the app and again, you would receive in app notifications that you need to actually complete or you need to review something or whatever. That task may end up being, but you will also receive email notifications and email notifications are 100%.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Configurable. So if I assigned a task over to [PERSON] and it was due next week, Thursday, I could have a 5 day, 3 day, and a one day prior to due date notification going out from the system, automatically reminding [PERSON] that she needs to get this done. But those notifications can also escalate. So. Let's just say [PERSON] is out of the office. She's in [LOCATION] at this point, probably having a good time. And not going to be worried about getting that task done. If Speaker 256 was [PERSON]'s. Manager, Speaker 256's going to receive a notification, let's say the day before the task is actually due, and you can set this up to be either as close to the due date or as far away from the due date.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: As you'd like. But, she would receive a notification letting her know that, hey, look, [PERSON] hasn't gotten. This task done. You need to check in on this. And you can either go in or as Speaker 256, can go in and say, hey, look, I know that [PERSON] is out of the office. I can reassign or I can extend the due date. So multiple things you can do. There. But Speaker 152, I see you have a question.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, just is there a delegation functionality? It would be for this and maybe for other tasks that came out of nonconformances or things like that. Like?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: If [PERSON] goes to [LOCATION] again,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Can she delegate someone else to too, the office? So it doesn't have to necessarily escalate to a leader?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Definitely. So you can have automatic delegation set up in the system, and it would go to whoever you are delegating that task to. But notifications would still be generated, the reason being is, let's say, if I delegated [PERSON] to essentially go through and approve anything that's being assigned to me, If [PERSON] for some reason just gets sidetracked and doesn't realize he has to do that. Well, we still want that notification generated just to ensure that it does get completed at some point.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Sure, makes sense. Thanks.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: No problem. Any other questions team before we continue on here?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: All right, so just to continue on. I'm curious. I don't know if
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 256: Covered, you've this in a previous demo or not, but like many times from our new product engineering group, we'll have projects that cover multiple different parts within that project. Is this projects tab that we're on, is that for each part or each like high level project?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Good question. So this is really going to be dependent on how you decide to manage it. And you can manage one or have one project that would manage multiple different parts. And the way that you end up doing that is you can link multiple design files into a specific project. Itself. So again, if it's 5 parts, you're doing, great, you can add all of those 5 individual parts directly into that design file. Linkage. So. That way you can see this project is managing multiple different parts across a different spectrum of the project. What you're actually looking at changing.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 256: Awesome, thanks. That answers, my question.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Perfect. So, just to hop back to the deliverables area, I can go through and again, my Gantt chart may not show up. Just because, yeah, a lot of my individual information here is, since it's stale dated at this. Point, I'm not really showing everything, because it's looking at the current week. And a lot of my tasks were assigned about 2 years.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Ago. So I'm seeing that information, but typically, once your individual tasks are within that associated timeframe, you could start to see that Gantt charting without any problem. Now team, this is really around focus or focused around making sure that you're again, identifying what needs to be delivered, all the associated information, the task management functionality is really the core focus of this area itself. And being able to define derive what needs to be done, who needs to get it completed, and tracking to completion of all of those defined tasks. Itself. Now moving on from here, I can hop over into my meetings.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Tab. So typically during a project phase itself, you may have multiple meetings during the course of the actual project. There could be an initiation, there could be a monthly or weekly review, whatever it may end up being, but I can define what those meetings look like. Lake. In that meeting I can go through and if I open this up here.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: What I'm going to start to see is essentially that entire meeting infrastructure where I can create the associated, meeting, identify what my agenda is, and also have the defined attendees who are going to be invited to this meeting. So you're starting to manage, not only just the project itself, but all of the associated information. Now when it comes to dashboard. Reporting, again, same idea and thought process. Where in this case, I just have a quality dashboard here and I can start to see specific metrics and the information that's going to be important to me, but I can link all of this information into areas that are going to be important for me to visualize and start to understand what that information is actually telling.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Me. So again, oh, couple of questions there. I'm not too sure Speaker 055 or [PERSON] who asked first, but let's go with Speaker 055.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 055: Yeah, I was just going to ask is like this meeting, inviting that you're looking at with the attendees and all that's all manually inputters that integrate with team or [EMAIL_SYSTEM] or anything like that?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So it is manually input into the system because we don't know exactly who the attendees may end up being. So, it would be a, I would need to add that information in. Now, again, same thought process. I could template this information and what I mean by template. It is if I've identified my team members here and they're going to be the same people that are going to be in that meeting, when I create the meeting I could have all of the team members automatically added into the meeting. So I don't have to manually do it. It just becomes a little bit less automation or sorry, a little less manual input and a little more automation to make your life easier. Got it. Thanks. No problem. Problem. And, [PERSON], I think you had a question also?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Similar topic. Any integration with [EMAIL_SYSTEM] team to get that meeting agenda in the calendar. Invite? Yep. So we can definitely provide calendar invite information. So once the meeting is actually essentially set up and created as a part of the initiation or the moving a draft to a kind of in progress stage, the invites can go out from the system itself. Now, again, this is just a matter of making sure we understand which what are you doing this all through [EMAIL_SYSTEM] I'm assuming based due to the fact you've mentioned a couple of times. Yeah. Okay. Gotcha. So yeah, we can send those invites out and they would integrate directly into the system itself. Perfect. Thanks, no problem.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: And
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: If ever remember correctly, there is, maybe if you look at the activity and chatter section, you do have team, or maybe not team, but you do have an [EMAIL_SYSTEM] integration where, just like we have today with [SOFTWARE_VENDOR], [CRM_PLATFORM], that you can send emails from the system. And then any replies to those emails would show up here as well. You got In. The timeline. It. Yeah.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: And it's very specific. Specific. To the record. Itself. So if I send an email from this meeting, any of the replies would come back into this meeting record itself versus the actual project. So. It's one of those things to be cognizant of where you're sending the email. From. You can send it from anywhere in the system, just to be clear. But when you are trying to track the responses, send it from the record that you want the response to be tracked within. Within.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: All right, so team. Just going to hop back to the project at this point. So as I said, you can track all the associated meetings. You can actually set those meetings up to be reoccurring. So you don't need to go through and create every single meeting. You can set it up as a reoccurrence. So. Let's say if it's happening, every 2 weeks, I set it up. The one time. Time, set the individual frequency for whatever I'd like, so to speak, and as one meeting ends, the next one will automatically be created with all of the associated information. And it will pull over into a new meeting invite for everyone. So again, it's just kind of managing that process for you without any issue.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Patim, as mentioned, hopping over into the reference area. So I can see a variety of my individual control. Documents. Now these documents again are typically typical coming from a variety of different areas, including the actual design file itself. But with that being said, let's hop into this design. File. So if I open this up, what I can see is again, high level information, this is where we're getting to the specific individual product itself.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: And your product could be anything. It could be a glass bottle, it could be a belt, it could be a roller, it could be absolutely anything you want. But the idea idea and the thought process here is I can go through identify the product, identify my description, add photographs if I need to. I can then go through a couple of tabs here. We're identifying individual families and park families based on the parts that if it is an assembly rather than an individual part, I would see all of the associated parts to it and the assembly nature itself. I can go through and I can identify the associated process. Processes and control plans. Now, again, if we're taking a look at this information and if I open up my control plan, this is again going to be generated based on the information that I've already input. And. This may not have been the best example. There. Let me just open that back. Up. Sorry about that team.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: There we go. So based on the information that I've already populated in the system, I could have my system go through and define my entire control plan and it will generate this individual template for you. So everything associated in the actual control plan as I'm going through identifying the specific characteristics, tolerances, all my evaluation, methodologies, measurements and techniques. Meek, Again, I'm going through and a defining lot of things. This information. The system will go through and create the individual documentation for you and Speaker 152 question.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, a couple questions. Sure. Let me ask this one first, which is just I know, we're going to look at at FMEAs. Can your FMEA inform and create your control plan for you?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: It can.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: So, but just taking a step back, because again, this is not my area of deep knowledge and expertise here. So, but what we're seeing right now in this product design, would you consider this the PLM function?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: And then there's parts of this then that... Overlap with quality, right? Like the control plan and like, the approvals and things. That. But if we were to not use the full PLM functionality, right? So we have [PLM_SYSTEM] that in our belting business, we have [PLM_SYSTEM] in the equipment business that they're using today for the PLM. Is there a way for [COUNTRY] to use this for the quality pieces and maybe integrate with our current PLM?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: 100 percent.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Okay. And you've done that with other…. Yes. …organizations? Okay. Yeah. I. Just want to make sure I understood what…so, not everything that we see here, we would necessarily implement, just because we have PLM, particularly for the equipment business, they're using. [PLM_SYSTEM]. We use Product. Center. We would have to kind of figure out exactly how that could work, but it could work together as opposed to doing everything here. So.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: What we've seen with other organizations who have kind of similar setup to yourself, Product, Center and [PLM_SYSTEM] would essentially be your system of record. And we would integrate to those systems of record to pull the information across into our solution. So that way. Anything that happens happens in [PLM_SYSTEM] or [PLM_SYSTEM] will get pushed over into our solution in terms of the information that they're managing. If, you're managing any additional information in our system, great, you can still do that without any problem. If not, if you just wanted to use it as kind of a centralized hub for everything that's coming from, [PLM_SYSTEM] and [PLM_SYSTEM], great, we can do that also.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: So maybe someone on the call call, Speaker 055, I mean anyone else on the call, who would be better, but could we foresee a future in which the engineering drawing stays in [PLM_SYSTEM], but we put our quality drawings in the QMS here? 100%.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: And then we could also do our qualification process and PPAPs in the system here, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 055: Yeah, outside of the [PLM_SYSTEM]. Great to have it integrated to be able to pull the design files or the prints or the models or whatever from [PLM_SYSTEM] or windshield, but ultimately I see this, like a system like this, housing, QC drawings and stuff that we're using on a daily basis, whereas the [PLM_SYSTEM], windshield stuff, is there for our viewing if we need it, but ultimately we should be going off of our quality drawings, QC drawings in that case.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, and then I think we would also potentially want to see all of our specifications in here as well. Not exactly sure what that would look like. So I'm not sure, Speaker 089, if you
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Could answer that. Oh, yeah. Oh, sorry. I wasn't too sure if that was a question. No, no, no, I was. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, so definitely yours.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Sorry, go ahead. We want to just see.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Your quality. Yeah, let's say we use the PLM that we currently have, and that's where our engineering drawings are. Create a separate quality drawing. So. If we wanted to house the quality drawings and specifications for both dimensional and visual and functional specifications in the QMS, is that something that we could do? What would that look like?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Before I answer that question, I just have a simple question for you. I'm assuming you're doing some level of product inspection. Some point. Where. Is that being managed?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: We're doing it in a couple places. For our plastics injection molding, we use Infinity to capture all those inspections. So those dimensional inspections that are being done throughout the job. And then we have another homegrown homegrown tool that we use for our assembly work in progress or completed belt inspections.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So I guess the follow up to that is are you looking at centralizing that process or are you looking at keeping those individual solutions where they are and just having some level of connector to them?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, so I mean it's kind of a question. It's sort of dependent on the solution. Itself. So I think definitely what we're doing on the assembly side, we would want to do in the QMS. Okay. The question, there's still a question about bringing the plastics inspections into the QMS, or if we want to leave those in infinity. And part of the reason we would want to keep them in infinity is that we, that's an SPC tool that we can use more of the functionality out of. Gotcha. And we wouldn't want to lose that functionality, so.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Yep, Milton. That makes 100% sense. So there are 2 or there's a couple of things you can do. So to answer your question, can you bring your specifications over? Definitely. And the reason why I was asking the question about inspections is because since you would be doing inspections against those individual characteristics itself, we actually keep those characteristics in our document management. Portfolio. The reason being is that as you go through different versions of that product, you would obviously version the specific specifications that are associated to it. So it kind of all gets managed in that package. And what that gives you the ability to do is if you're doing it through our system, great. Every time you bring up that product you're getting the latest specifications that are available based on the product. If you're doing it outside of the solution, as you mentioned in Infinity, which again, definitely not a problem, we could potentially link specifications to Infinity. That way, again, you're managing it through a central hub and all you're doing in Infinity is identifying the product, the specifications automatically get populated for you, and off you go.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Makes sense. No problem.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 055: Is there any limit? Sorry, Speaker 279.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Go ahead. Head. Oh, I was gonna visual, can you put visual specifications specific? In there also?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Can you give me an example?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: You said if we added our specifications is that just dimensional specifications or could we have like a picture of Flash in
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: There as well? Oh, definitely. We have organizations that are doing not just dimensional, but hey, the product is supposed to be black, but it came out blue. Again, not just qualitative, but quantitative as well. So yeah, you can definitely do that without any issue. Now, the caveat to the ones that are not dimensional is that's going to require someone to say, like if it's black or blue or whatever it is, someone's going to need to put in what the result is, but the system won't go through and automatically define if it's a pass or fail. If it's strictly dimensional, the system could easily go through and say, yes. Yeah, this is a pass.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: You're good to go and no need to create a non conformance, but if it is something where again, it is visual and hey, are there any scratches? If it's a yes. No, sure. That's great. But if it's something like, hey, it's supposed to be black and it came out blue and you put blue in the system doesn't know at this point that yeah, it's blue and not black and it should be a fail or it could be have an override associated to it.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: I guess like a supplier could use that as a reference. Exactly. Like I see flash, let me see what
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Their flash spec is and go from there. Okay, thank you. Definitely. No problem. And Speaker 256.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 256: Hey, so back to the QC drawings. If we wanted to, let's say, house our QC drawings in here. Instead of engineering's product life management tool, which is like, for me, it's [PLM_SYSTEM].
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 256: What is, what kind of revision control does this have? And? Would that be able to, I guess, connect back to [PLM_SYSTEM]? So, a little bit of background, maybe our engineering Department, one of their checks to release to complete their project is that our QCG drawing is located in Product, Center and approved. And they are part of the approval process for the revisions of the QC drawings. So I guess. I'm just kind of wondering like if we move the QC drawings to here, how would that play out for them?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So you would still have, so it would all go into our document management solution. So you still have full revision control of that QC drawing itself from being able to bring it in, taking it through the appropriate review and approval cycle. And so forth, and then having it released as of a defined date. Now, if it's going to be linked to, let's say, an external resource for just overall management to say when it should be revised, when that product is going through a revision, definitely something that we can integrate and Integrate to. To, or if you just wanna set it up for a yearly cadence, where it needs to be revised on a yearly basis.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: One way or the other, you can do that as well. But we do offer a full lifecycle management for documentation. And again, QC drawings within the system itself. And I believe we covered that. I can't remember which demo it was, but if you take a look back, we do have a document control. Demo, I believe, that we've gone through. And all the functionality would be there.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, and just to add to that answer, Speaker 089, I think one of your questions in there, Speaker 256, is that we would just have engineering receive the –. So the document control, document management flow is for approvals of any document. And the work construction or it could be a quality drawing and then we would just have engineering be part part of the of approval, the process. Approver, reviewer flow, and they would get an email that says they need to review it, and they would do that, and then they could review it in the system.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: This is all hypothetical, too. These are just things we're trying to figure out, right? So, Trying to understand Yeah. What's possible as opposed to making decisions about what we're going to do in.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 256: Yeah, and I guess, that's why I'm kind of asking the question and giving the background. So that like if we do decide to move our QC drawings into a QMS system that we like touch base with engineering first because it's going to end up affecting some of their processes and their workflows as well.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Same for the whole qualification procedure and everything. Right. Yep.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Perfect. Hey, Speaker 089, Speaker 055 has a question. He put it in in the chat. But I'll read it to you. Is there a number, a limit to the number of SKUs or specs, whether it be dimensional, visual, or functional for each SKU in the system?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: For as long as it would take before your thumb gets tired of scrolling, that's pretty much about it. You have the ability of putting in as many specifications as you want, as many SKUs as you want. The system is a large system. So you'd be able to put in all of that information information. Without any issue.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 055: Yeah, I just wanted to make sure because molded part SKUs are around 8,000 to 9,000 different part numbers. And then we modify and do a bunch of other stuff to that. I think in our current system we have about 17,000 SKUs each tied to probably a minimum of 5, 10, or 15 specifications for each one of those.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Yep, definitely. You'd be able to do that without any issue. It really comes down to and this is one of the things that I love about our platform. I'm going to date. Myself here. Back when I was a kid, we used to have these books called Choose Your Own Adventure. And you get to the end of chapter one and it would say, well, if you want to go this way, go to chapter five, or if you want to go to this way, go to chapter 11. And you essentially, kind of create your own story. It's very much in the same way with our application where we have all of these individual areas of functionality built into into the application. The system, but every organization, kind of does things a little bit differently. So you can go through and you can mold the system to your specific process and your specific way of doing things.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: And really ensure that it becomes a business management tool rather than just a tool to manage one specific area of your business itself. And what we really specialize in is bringing information, together. So being able to integrate to your PLM tools, like [PLM_SYSTEM] Center. Being able to pull that information. In, being able to link that to your quality, and eventually at some point if you're looking at linking into your sales information, if that's being maintained in [CRM_PLATFORM] as well, again, you're now cross pollinating all of these traditionally siloed areas of information into a singular platform and being able to view what does that mean to your business itself. Itself.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 055: Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Thank you,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Speaker 089. I appreciate it. No problem.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 256: On that note, another question tied to the specifications. So, we'll have multiple part numbers that run out of the same mold and then the same part number that runs out of multiple molds. Are we able is the system able to handle both of those situations in terms of the specifications. Because our specifications aren't tied just to a part number, it's a part number, mold number combination.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Okay.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So we just need to make sure that we have clear identification as to what is tied to what. So. You can have a what we call a many to many relationship. So. What that means is for a mold, I could can have many parts linked to it. And for a part, I could have many molds linked to it. All of which, when we actually get to starting to get to your specifications, based on the combination of the mold and the associated part, you would have your defined specifications linked to it, and you'd be able to see that information without any issue.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 256: Exactly, what I was wanting to know. Thank you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: No problem. All right. So before I continue on, any other questions here, team?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Nothing in the chat, Speaker 089.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: I think you're good. All right. Perfect. So let's bounce back to our design. File. So we've covered your control plans at this point. If I hop over to my development, this is where I can start to identify, again, my system, elements, my requirements and inputs and Outputs outputs. And so forth. Soforth. This is all going to go into not only your Requirement Traceability Matrix, but also your DNP FEMA. So let's just kind of hop over into your Requirement. Traceability Matrix. So if I click in and I open this up here, what I'm going to see are all of the individual. Requirements. So I can see my defined system, elements, all the individual design requirements, itself, your inputs, your outputs, your verifications, and validations. And again, these are all individual.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Records. So I could have the same individual output for multiple individual areas or the same input for multiple different areas. But. You can start to link all of that information together to start to see all of the specific design elements itself. So again, starting to identify or going through the process of your requirement. Traceability matrix. And keep in mind, team, this is my demo. System. Is showing a lot of interesting information, information. But the principle still applies here.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: If I hop back to my design. File, we go from your requirement traceability over into your risk analysis or your risk identification, and this is where we can get into 3 specific areas, your product risks, your D PHEMAs, and your P PHEMAs. So if I were to open this up. Here, let's take a look at your product. Risk first. This is where I can go through and I can start to take a look at the individual end of system.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Elements. I could start to see the potential failure modes and hazards, the hazardous situation identified, the potential failure effects itself, but more importantly, going to be tasked with going through and defining the occurrence and severity, which would give me my associated risk. I can also see my potential causes at this point. Now, if you're implementing some level of risk, control, I can identify what those risk controls are. And what the specific measure is. As a result of that I can go through and I can start to define multiple individual things, not only in terms of the measure, but the verification as well. In the end once I've documented.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: This information I can also see the residual occurrence and severity and will give me my residual risk score based on each individual. Element. I can go through and I can input additional information as a part of that analysis. Not only only for the risk analysis, but the benefit or benefit risk analysis as well. So again, full documentation of all of your information, just in this case, from the product risk standpoint itself. Now, if we come back and we get into, let's say your D FEMA here, and let's just open up your D and your P FEMA.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So, for your DFEMA, and it's just gonna take a second to populate, again, identification I'd of be all of your defined system elements, all of your design requirements itself, your failure modes and effects and I can link multiple individual failure modes here. But as a part of the individual process once I've defined, that information I could go through and I can pre define what my severity is based on the failure mode.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So if If I select one, again, it will automatically default my severity, in this case, as high. But I can go through identify my failure cause and risk control, but then I can go through and I can start to define and yeah, I did not put all my detections in I apologize about that. Let's see.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: And let me just open another one, just in case.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: There we go. So we'll take a look at this. One. So I have my occurrence and my detection in, and again, it will give me my API at this. Point. And this is based off the calculation of my occurrence detection and severity, giving me my defined. Calculation. Now, keep in mind, folks, this is not the only way of doing things. I've seen other organizations, add additional individual dimensions in here, beyond severity, occurrence, and detection. API. This system is configurable enough to go through and add in multiple individual dimensions based on your requirement. It really comes down to how do you want to see your calculation specifically. But in this, oh, this is the PFEMA, sorry about that. Did I open up.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Another DFEMA? I did. There we go. Oh this is another process. So I opened up 2 process. FEMAs. Let's go back and open up the, oh, I only have the one one, go figure. There we go. So in this D FEMA, there we go, we have our occurrence detection and severity, you have your API, you would then go through identify your associated actions. Once your actions for risk mitigation are defined and in there, again, I can open up any of these actions. I can see what the action is and who it's been assigned. To. And again, in this case, it has not been completed. If it was was, I would see all my completion information and verification information. So. Keep in mind with every action that you're issuing.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: You have the option of sending it for a verification review as well. This is more a matter of hey, just because [PERSON] said he got something done. Doesn't mean it actually got done. Or do we want to go through some level of verification that it was done properly and to the letter of what the way that you're looking at, getting it done and documented. Within each action, if you needed to go through and upload files or attachments, you can definitely do that as well. So that way, again, added levels of verification within each individual step, itself.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: But as we come back here into the design FEMA coming back over I can go through and I can re rank my information based on the information that I have from my associated associate action. So I can see some of them going from high down to low, some of them are staying equal at this point, but I can start to see all of that. Detailed information. If I wanted to publish the form, again, simple push where I can go through and I can publish this information. If I needed to add new rows, I can go through and I can add new rows as well. This is all coming down to, well, how do you want to visualize your information itself? So while this goes through through. And let me just publish this.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: And we can start to see this. Information. And, Speaker 152, question? Speaker 152 Levy Can.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: We create like, templates for particular failure, modes? So for park families or park types or something like that it always has deflate in this case, like you might have one for balloon that always has deflate steerability. Steerability, Plates, Your, Ability. Device, scope, things like that. And, then you can add additional for that particular part. If needed. But. Can you create like, templates for different types of parts?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Definitely can. And it's all going to be a matter of how do you want to actually set your information up, but you can easily go through and do that without any problem.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Yeah, let's just take a look at the PDF here.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: I don't know what's thinking about it and I apologize. My system's taking a little time here. But again, if I just zoom in we can see the entire individual result of the FMEA for all of the information that I've already documented here.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Team, much in the same way, if I hop back, back. And this is where we actually got into the PFEMA, where I could go through and I could start to do the same. Thing. I can identify all the individual process, steps, all my failure modes and effects, and again, have defaulted values potentially for my severity.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: And so forth. I can identify my failure cause, all my risk controls, my occurrence and detection, which would give me my originating API. Coming over, I have my actions in, same idea and thought process where I can input my residual risk or my residual severity occurrence and detection to get my residual risk and add my associated comments in. Again, this all comes down to input of the associated documentation and information. Once I have that in, the system can go through, publish the associated documents directly in the system itself.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So team, any questions thus far around the design, file, the risk trace or requirement traceability, matrix, the product risk, DRP FIMAs at this point?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: I'll quiet in the chat.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Too. All right. So last couple of things here, getting into my published documents. So any of the documents that we've actually gone through and published going through the design file itself, you will always get a list of the associated published. Documents. You can also go through and within the document management system, have those documents automatically pushed into your DHF or your design history file or I think it's now called the design and development file. It's been renamed a couple of different times, but you can go through and have all the information information that you can go through and have all the information that you can go through. Put into that package for you can start to see all of that level of information without any issue.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Now team. One of the questions that did come up is how do you manage PPAPs in the system? Itself? So I guess the question here is
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: What are you currently doing? Today? I? Just want to be sure that we're on the same path when it comes to to PPAP at this point.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Sending through email and
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: We're saving it in a shared file. Okay, so it's going out to your individual suppliers?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yes, we request it either through a PO or verbally and then they send it back.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Through email. Gotcha. So the way that we manage this in the system is actually through our supplier management. Functionality. So within the system, you have the ability of going through the full vetting process of the supplier to say, hey, look, first of all, hate to say it, but are you good enough to do business with [COUNTRY]? Do we have all your certifications? Do. We have your insurance? Do we have a copy of your [STANDARD_BODY] certification? Do we have a copy of your quality, manual? Is it up to snuff, so to speak? So you can do what's called an initial supplier qualification, but then you can go through on the interactions area, specifically specifically, and you can create a specific individual what we call an interaction. And in this interaction.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: This is where I can go through and I can define all of the individual information that I'm going to need specifically from that individual supplier. Now with all of these individual steps I can go through and I can link this directly to the specific supplier. Themselves. So. We actually actually open up a portal to that supplier, which they would be able to log into and they can actually receive tasks just like if I was assigning something over to [PERSON] and [PERSON] would receive a notification, an email as well. They would receive an email.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Notification. They would have a portal that they would be able to go to to log back in to be able to see what's been assigned to them and respond back to them. So as you can see, here, all of these individual records, these are all grayed out because they're all associated to Speaker 288 at this point. And Speaker 288 needs to go through and answer this information. But once he has, let's say if it's for a control plan, here, I can come in, I could see what I've requested and they can come back and they can send the specific control plan back to me. And in this case, it's a very small control plan, but I can start to see all of that information directly in the system. System. So it's a matter of making the associated request to the specific supplier for the actual part, and let's just zoom back out here, for the individual part itself and defining, hey, look, can you provide
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: That level of information back to me and send it so I can review and approve it. But all of these for each individual.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Part, you would be able to go through, again, default the same information for the associated PPAP process, process. Itself. And automatically for every single part that you're going to be validating with them, you can send those requests out, they can respond back to you with the associated information. And. Let's just say it was Speaker 173, who is the one who is managing this. Speaker 173, you'll receive all of the individual information back, which you would need to then review and approve for it to be approved in the system for them to be able to say, hey, look, yes, you are in fact, fact able to provide me the rubber that we are going to use for the newest belt.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Does that make sense team?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Yes it. Perfect. Now. Keep in mind as you go through that process itself.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: If there are individual questions internally. So let's say Speaker 279 question that you wanted to ask to [PERSON], you can go through and whether you want to send it via email, which you can, or you can use what's built into the system called chatter, I can go through and I can create a post and I can say, hey, let's say, Lee, who's one of my counterparts here at ABC Corp, I can ask him a direct question and it's going to send him that communication within the system itself. And once it's in the system, great, they're going to be able to go through review and approve the associated information or be able to respond back to it in the system. Itself. So now any contextual conversations to a defined record.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Whatever it may end up being you can have and manage in the system. So gone are the days of you trying to find the conversation or remember what day that you had spoke to Speaker 055 at this point by the water cooler to talk talk to you. About this specific PPAP. Itself. It's all documented. It's all in there. Everything is visible to the individuals who have the appropriate level of access to see it.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: That's what I was going to ask. Could we have?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Internal chats and external chats?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: When you say external, do you mean to your suppliers? Yes. Yes, you definitely can.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Yeah. Speaker 173? All mobile friendly as well? I'm sorry, can I get you to repeat that? Yes, absolutely. It's mobile friendly as well. I can have all of this on my phone too? Yep, definitely.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Excellent. Now, I will say, trying to do a PFEMA or a DFEMA on your phone, it's probably good. Yeah, it's going good. To be a little small, but can you do it? Definitely you could.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: But team, with that being said, I think I've run out of things to show you at this point. Are there any questions, any concerns that we haven't addressed? Just want to be sure that we're kind of tackling off all the issues that you're looking at addressing here.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 256: How customizable is the PPAP function? Because for external suppliers, I can see definitely using each one of those points for the supplier quality group, but there's a lot of products that we also produce in house, internally. So. Like it'll go from engineering all the way through inventory and never see an external supplier. Gotcha. Except for the raw material obviously that's coming in.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Yep. So you can easily manage that in the system. It's through similar functionality, but instead of directing it to a supplier, you direct it to, I'm guessing it's like another building or another site that you're actually working.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 256: Depends. So we have a very large campus here in our hand that it can go from one.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Building one to building 2.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 256: Right. And building one to building 2 to building 3 to building four, maybe all within its life cycle.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Just one campus. Yep, got it.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 256: Right. One campus. We do have global buildings as well. So sometimes it will get shipped overseas. Maybe another location. As far as manufacturing goes, we only have 2 locations. But. Currently, we're using [PROJECT_SYSTEM] to work through that process flow and make sure that everything that needs to get documented is documented and everything that needs to get done is done with built in notifications, emails, all that stuff. I'm just curious how customizable is this?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: To be able to that. Do that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 256: The.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: To being able to do that? Problem is Wanted this... To, yeah. Yeah. It's a great question. And, one of the things I just wanted to address here really quickly, and this is just for everyone's knowledge on the line here, if you say the word, customize to a software, vendor, their eyes are lighting up because that means dollar figures because it's something that you can't do yourself. Yeah. The answer to that is for [COUNTRY], it's 100% a whole configurable, which means as an organization, if your admin knows how to essentially manage the system and there's full training available on the platform itself on how to make configurations to the system, you could do it yourself and it is 100% configurable.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 256: Okay, so configurable, maybe is the better word.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Exactly. Yep. Got it.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 256: Thank you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: No problem. Problem. So yeah, if you want to change a field, a form, a workflow, if you want to be able to save a record and then have another record automatically created really kind of cool, things like that just to improve automation within the system, you can easily do that. And all of that is considered configuration within the solution. You can do it or if you don't feel comfortable doing it and you want [COUNTRY] to do it, yep, yeah, we can definitely help you out.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 055: And just like a follow up to that, Speaker 089 is internally. We have, I don't know, let's call it 5 different areas where we would qualify and release products to whether that be in plastics, assembly, make to stock and cut to stock or metal fab shop. We can basically templacize what that qualification looks like and the personnel according to the area or the plant or wherever it's happening. Happening. But I could have like a qualification template process for plastics and a different one for assembly and a different one for a metal fab. Shop. And that's all, I guess, to your point, configurable and customizable to fit our needs, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: 100 percent. You could have a different template for every day of the week if you wanted.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 055: That sounds like a lot, but yeah.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Yep. Just to illustrate the point, you can be as granular as you want to and create the templates to essentially make your life easier. And. Then it's a matter of saying, hey, I'm in Ohio today and I'm doing this type of individual process. Here's my template, click and I'm done. Versus being in [LOCATION] a week later in a different division, but I still need to do a process, whatever it is. Since I'm in [LOCATION], [LOCATION], I select the [LOCATION] template and off. We go. Nice. Awesome.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Yeah, realistically, it's about making your life easier. And. It's one of the things that I actually, I had a conversation with another client a little while ago where realistically, if a system is not making your life easier, then you've bought a great electronic paperweight. Because at the end of the day system needs to work for you and not the other way around. So there will be a little bit of work in the setup just to make sure that it's going to do exactly what you want to do when you want to do it. And that the appropriate templates are set up the way that you need them to be. But. Once it's all set, it's kind of like the [PERSON] Forming Grill. You, set it and forget it and it'll ding when it's ready.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: And then you have a great burger after that. As you can tell, I, really food, but...
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: A question for the team, because again, I'm not as close to these things, but our PPAP steps today, so I know we do a PSW, and I mean, how does it compare to what you're seeing, you've seen so far on the screen? That we're doing for the PPAPs that we're doing.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, we have different requirements that we ask for each level. So, I mean, yeah if there's an engineering approval or PSW or dimensional results and design records, we do all that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: And, yeah, and then I know we've talked a little bit about Ballooning the drawings and we're not sure like today we're using a software attempting to use software that does the PPAP steps and incorporates the ballooning of the drawings, the auto ballooning. That's accurate for the team.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: When we say ballooning the drawing, are we talking about the engineering drawing? Are we talking about the quality drawing?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 055: Talk about the engineering drawing.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Drawing.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: And then do you have that capability in your software? Because you do have PLM here. So do you have something that does auto ballooning of a drawing to pull out the features?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Features, specifications? Yeah, unfortunately not as of yet. Something that is currently being worked on. But again, in the effort of being transparent, we don't have that functionality as of yet. Okay.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: I want to add 2 things to that. When we say we don't have it today, that gives you the potential opportunity to ensure it does hit our product. So going with ABC Corp, I would give you that adage. We have a Customer 10 10, advisory board and you would be able to take part and if you're seeing things like that or that was something you wanted to ensure does make sure it hits the roadmap. We could certainly make sure that's part of your project contract and you're obviously part of those discussions. So that's those are things that we always want to understand that customers need and get better as a partner.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: So just because we don't have it today knowing that we are working on it I hope gives you that confidence confidence. And the fact that you could have a stake in what that looks like too. Hopefully, that further solidifies that for you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Gotcha. Thanks.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Any other questions from the team or anything else we'd like to see as it relates to any of these processes?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Have some questions about supplier stuff. Stuff. Sure.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: So they'd be able to log into their own portal. Could they see dashboards of NCRs and inspections that we've completed, PPAP.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Statuses, just everything that we're working on with them? They can see anything that you deem it for them to see. So just as an example here, now.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: This is probably going to be a bad example because they left it up to me to not the best designer. According to my wife, I'm horrible at it. But you can go through and let's just see if I can pull this up here. Yeah, so typically, I just have this as a listing of all the things that are assigned to them. We actually had a dashboard here, but you can expose a dashboard specifically to them to be able to see what's going their on. Specific metrics and all their information. But in short, yes, definitely can do that without any issue.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: And then we would just, based on the permissions, they would see their data, not any other vendors' data.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: You've got it.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah. So we could have a dashboard that shows for all the vendors, but it's showing them a bar chart with all their, open, their non conformances by month, and then all their open items, overdue, items, tasks and things like that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Yeah, so we include as a part of our solution supplier scorecarding, so you'd be able to go through and see all your KPIs. Now, this is looking specifically at internal metrics, so things that we can control, but you can also go through and include things from your ERP delivery, status. Of invoices. So. That way we can take that into account when it comes to your KPIs and all that can be calculated. Now, I can, I only have 2 of them in here just to show a little bit of information. So I can go through and let's say if I choose, do I have BNM in here? Yeah, I only have a little bit of information here, but again, it's enough information to be able to show that, hey, look, I can see the rating itself. Of individual suppliers or if I wanted to go through and see multiple I can do that as well and start to see the overall detail itself. Now whether it is if I, select all.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Yeah. It's not going to show me absolutely everything. So if I just leave it as yeah, there we go.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Beyond this I could take a look at my supplier performance performance. So. This is just another way of looking at similar data where I can see things such as deliveries and audits, failed and everything. Else. And I can break this down by specific supplier to see my top rated suppliers or my bottom rated suppliers, whatever it may end up. Being. You can also set the system that if they reach certain thresholds with specific things like, hey, if they had 5 scars in the last 2 months. Months, We're going to move them from a qualified supplier back down to maybe a provisional supplier. And at that. Point, we need to initiate some level of escalation plan with them to go through and say, obviously, there's a little bit of an issue with the product.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: You're presenting to [COUNTRY]. We need you to get that under control before we move you back to a fully qualified supplier.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: You have a built in, out of the box where you can actually rate suppliers, like do a supplier? So these are metrics based on data points, but could we, do we have something where we can actually rate them based on,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Our interactions with them? Terminology?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: And Co T9, A M T9,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: A M T9, and A M T9,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So I can go through and I believe it's my ratings metrics here and let's see if I have any
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Yeah. So I have a couple so I can go through and I can link it to specific individual scorecard or specific individual suppliers where I can say, hey, look for their non conformances, whoever it may end up being What's the associated metric and what's the specific scorecard. So I can link this to individual models to have that information modeled in the system, but you can easily do that on an individual one to one basis without any problem.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 173: Speaker 089, can you, I'm going to use the word customize.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Because I forgot the other word that you
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 173: Said. Configure. So ultimately, would you be able to add something in there for responsiveness? And then you would
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Have like a number rating or stars?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Or something like that because responsiveness would be hard to
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 173: Put a data metric to, but how would you know how
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Is a supplier responding to [COUNTRY]?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So the quick answer there is yes, you definitely can. And this really comes down to, and you're right, how do you measure responsiveness? And this really comes down to, well, how do you actually see that information going into the system? Because someone could say that, yes, they're being very responsive, but to someone else, that may be not responsive at all. Just to give you an idea here, and I'm just going to bring this up, we've actually gone through, and this is an example of a supplier rating that one of our existing customers goes through with their suppliers. So they can fill in all of this information information in an Excel workbook and that's how they're doing it or that's how they were doing.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: It. They've gone through and have rebuilt this completely in our solution.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So they can go through and they can answer based on specific things. It's going to give me individual either commentary or individual assessments that they can go through quickly and easily and start to identify the either associated risk or specific metrics that they're doing. They're looking to do. So the system is highly configurable in terms of being able to capture information. As you can see from that specific workbook, it doesn't need to be just one or 2 individual data points. It could be hundreds of individual data points that you're now collecting to be able to go through those specific assessments.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: And you can add a frequency to say every year, we're going to review?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: And evaluate our suppliers? I'm thinking complying with [STANDARD_BODY] requirements of reviewing our suppliers. So the frequency would really be based off the result of that assessment. Itself. Because you could set it to be yearly, but let's say if they come up with one month, a really bad assessment. You may want to adjust that frequency down to, let's say, monthly rather than doing it yearly. Yearly. So, definitely. You can always go through and assign the associated frequency, but that can be modified and changed based on the result of the last assessment. That was actually done.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Thank you. No problem.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Really, great questions. Anything else kind of top of mind? And
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Speaker 084, we don't have to get too deep into this, but I know we've done some licensing discussions and there were pieces like [PRODUCT_SUITE], incorporated in the licensing quote that you had You had sent sent me. That…would that change with some of the things that we reviewed today, so APQP and PPAP, or was that already included? Because [PRODUCT_SUITE] was included?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Great question. I'm actually pulling that up for you now. So I can answer your question.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, and we can also take it offline. That's fine, too. I'm just curious if you knew that offhand.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: So when we did the initial pricing, together, I gave you pricing to start with [PRODUCT_SUITE], but I also included the cost for [PRODUCT_SUITE], which is the PLM, the DFME, APF, everything we've talked about today, as well as [PRODUCT_SUITE], which covers our supplier aspect, which you would need to tie to as well. So the portal, the ratings, the scorecards, which Speaker 089 was just talking about. So the pricing that you have from me today incorporates all 3 suites. & Co. It's.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Just making sure that it does include everything because I didn't see [PRODUCT_SUITE] and [PRODUCT_SUITE] on there. Yeah.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Okay. Yeah. Perfect. The only thing it doesn't include is the safety. Yep. Okay. Yep. Yep. Sounds. Good. Good question. All right. Thank you so much. Yeah. No, no. Happy to, Speaker 152. It's really been a pleasure, everyone. I really appreciate your time. If you're anything like me, more questions are going to come up, later. Feel free to filter those over to Speaker 152 or we can get on another call. Together. Together, however you guys see fit. I. Just want to make sure we're addressing any questions that you might have. And if you need anything from [COUNTRY] to reach out, but looking forward to your thoughts, comments, feedback, and if there's anything we can address for you, don't hesitate to reach out. Thank you so much.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, sounds good. And. Then if you could just get me the recordings for anybody who wasn't able to attend today, we'll make sure we get that to them and I can filter any questions that come back to you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Yeah, I'd be happy to. That over as soon as it is. Ready. And then, Speaker 152, we will connect around setting next steps and appreciating what else you need as part of your evaluation. I'm looking forward to a partnership. So, all the best, guys. I hope you have a great day.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 055: Thank you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 084: Appreciate it. You too, guys. Take care.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Thanks, everybody. Bye bye. Bye, bye. Thank you.

---
Client resource profile: Mid-size cross-functional quality team.
Client project resource guidance: Assume a mid-size customer with a core project team: client PM, executive sponsor, quality systems owner, IT/admin owner, validation lead, training/change lead, and process owners for each in-scope module. SMEs are available part-time for requirements, UAT, and go-live readiness.
Use this context to tailor the Client Project Resources slide and related assumptions. Keep wording conservative, avoid named individuals, and adjust based on any stronger evidence elsewhere in the transcript.
---
