[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 140: Hey, good morning, Speaker 228. How's it going?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 140: Oh, Speaker 228, you polled a Speaker 140. You said, said hello on mute.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 228: Yeah, I don't know what muted me before I came in. Jeez, how rude.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 140: It's probably my settings for my own protection, just in case I don't go into a meeting and not realize I'm not muted.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 140: So, that's probably on me. I'll take that one.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 227: And hello, ABC Corp Recorder.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 140: Oh, I can get rid of that one, too. That's my big Keep.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 228: Him brother. On mute.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 227: I just being a goof, acknowledging the technology as human.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 140: Oh yes, they put that little robot over my shoulder everywhere I go just to make sure I'm not lying to y'all.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 228: So, you're a salesman, we and this is mine, I work. Operations I know people are lying, their lips are moving Yeah.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 228: Yeah, well, It's a little cynical, but in my world, it seems to be the case case. A lot of the time. So always questioning.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 140: It's funny. I feel the same way on my side, being a salesperson, because every prospect and Customer 20 20 I talk to likes to lie to me, too.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 227: Exactly. We were just talking about that yesterday. I.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 140: Used to, that guilt used to work on me, Speaker 228, but now I'm just like, oh, no, you guys lie just as much. Let's Let's not. Not play.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 228: This Oh, hey, game. As I said, that kind of applies to me, too. Too. My lips are moving. So.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 140: Perfect. I know that we had we've gone back and forth in this. We've talked. Some time has passed. Different priorities. We're finally coming down. To the finish line here. We propose 2 different SOWs. We don't usually do that, but we wanted to give you options. And now we're taking a third and different pathway.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 140: Know, we've had a lot of different options kind of just level the playing field, talk about where we're at today, and if there are any questions provide answers and get support if needed. So, where do you want to start? What? Makes the most sense for you all? And then I can just jump in from there.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 227: Well, I might as well just share what we talked about yesterday between you and Speaker 228, since I'm talking to both of you independently. Sometimes. Sometimes. And that's just to reaffirm for the record, I guess, that everything looks good, I think, at least from my perspective, on your feedback to [COUNTRY], all the points of clarity. The only outstanding things, I guess, everything seems very favorable. Too. All those responses are exactly what I'd be hoping like the, and even on the ones that you respond to. We talked about yesterday and I did confirm those with Speaker 228 as well.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 227: And that's that you're suggesting or saying and you can share your findings on that shortly, but that the data loader itself is also an enterprise version that we inherit with the enterprise version of [CRM_PLATFORM] for this build. Yeah, the underlying assumption that basically the proposed direction where we are sitting right now due to capital restrictions. Just it's going to eat up a bunch of a whole bunch of my time either way whether I'm playing business analyst to help you guys build what we want versus me just putting that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 227: Stuff in there and figuring it out myself is going to take a ton of hours anyways. So that's kind of our preference I think in order to be able to move forward and Speaker 228 can correct me on that, is that I build it and then I do it with kind of a limited number of hours on Speaker 228 and I's front. Speaker 140 we were talking about about how we would aim for me to be able to give me a bit of a bigger window give me until the beginning of January 20 or January 2027. And then I just start plugging away. And then you guys use a set amount of hours, I would get you guys to log hours through me or whatever. And we do invoicing for those, but we'd have a set of hours, kind of like about 40 hours or whatever that you suggested five, 5 grand worth of stuff that the costs are going to be fixed at.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 227: 2000 for the setup. Setup, $5,000 for this bulk of hours. And then basically that gives [COUNTRY] some time to whatever it is that I can or can't get done. We could potentially have a push, set up a push, I'll know how things are going, whatever. And we could set up some support for 2027 if more was needed. But it sounded like you guys are pretty confident that there's not really too many things that I'll struggle to comprehend and to to build in there. So those hours should be I think think, sufficient. And I kind of got a bit of a head nod from all of you guys on that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 227: Yeah. And then, yeah, that's kind of where we're at. So, and then the contract stuff that I was kind of communicating to you through Speaker 228, my interpretations of where he's at. Or where we're at, is just that I think we're still looking to pursue, but we just need to some convincing on the finance department's front. And Soldier. Just shoring up that stuff for Speaker 228 so that he can make that case to them as to why we're doing this, that. We need to do this, how we're going to do it to keep our funds down, what's the upside of the risk for capital, stuff like that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 140: Yeah, absolutely. Sound right, Speaker 228?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 228: Sort of.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 140: Well, what do you want to add before I get going?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 228: No, I mean, basically. What I mean, the big, so what I said to Speaker 227 was my biggest concerns are the legacy system because like, do we really need to pile all that data into it? I don't think so. But if I say have an incident OHF has questions, I need to be able to potentially go back and pull up to show that yes. I did do my due diligence or anything like that. So I say to him. Is there a way to have a read only version or something? Because I think that would save [COUNTRY] a ton of money and a ton of complication if we don't have to try and pull in all that garbage.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 227: And sorry, that was one of the clarifications. He had said that we can actually keep permanently or whatever, keep that sandbox and just make it historical. And it is said there with one thing associated with There it.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 228: Was a caveat on that, we need a license for it. So I need to understand that piece. So that was one of them, so let's just get all my concerns. So that was one of my concerns is just how to get that. I know, I think what Speaker 227's referring to on the data. Loader is I know we've got all our maintenance schedule. Schedule, what we call our safety program MVP, which is all scheduled. Tasks. Getting that into ABC Corp rather than having to rebuild it, I think is one of the things he's looking at, because that we'd want to kind of come across. And have you talked to Speaker 208 about maintenance records or Rob, what they want, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 227: No, but I plan on bringing everything in. Kind of what I told those guys. Is that whether I'm bringing in a couple months or a few years as long as I'm just bringing in data fields and simple fields, so when I go through and track I can create all the records I can create metadata fields for it. And that stuff is not going to be like, I'm gonna have to do that. Anyway, to some small extent, even to be able to prove it I might as well bring it all in. It's just cleaning up data between the 2 systems. And because we're going from [CRM_PLATFORM] to [CRM_PLATFORM], I don't think that's gonna really add that won't be the complexity that I'm dealing with. So I can bring the whole history whether I bring the files in is probably the biggest contention.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 227: But if we have the old system, which told that we're going to have, plus Speaker 140 has agreed to also push for [COUNTRY] to have more to get some freebies instead of 20 we'd be maybe looking at 25 or 30. So we'd use one of those licenses for that and we'd lose it, but we have a bunch of extra ones anyway.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 228: Well, and then I'm assuming at some point, we'd kill that sandbox anyways. Once, get a couple of years.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 227: In. 7 years from now or 5 or whatever. The statute of limitations on that type of stuff whenever OHS doesn't care, care. We can nuke it. But whenever you want the trends really, and that's why I have to bring the data in anyways, is because anything that you have KPIs for, Speaker 228 or Speaker 208, or anything operationally that he wants to track and trend or that he is tracking and trending on dashboards, I intend to focus on anything that's critical to him or to you or to Rob or to me, I'm going to put, I'll bring over anyway. So if I'm doing that, I need all those records and then it's, yeah, I'm bringing all that stuff.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 228: Anyway. See, most of the time on that stuff on the QHSE side, once we hit hit year, end, I'm done, right? Because I've already got all the KPIs and everything for the year. They're already tracked in the Excel spreadsheet for the board. Reporting. And I don't, if I ever need to look back, I've already got it already there,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 227: Right? So, as a clutter thing, we could set ignore everything from more than 12 months ago. If Speaker 208 doesn't care about annualized trending. But, but yeah it's not harder for me to bring it in there. I'm.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 228: Talking QHSC. QHSE, I'm not talking maintenance records. Yeah. So maintenance, that side of the thing is not my area of expertise. So that was the one question. So the Sandbox seems to deal with that. And, then basically, yeah, I need to sort of understand my capital budget because as soon as the 70 grand came over, I think that was pretty well.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 228: A non starter and I was getting direction to go elsewhere. So need to understand that. But from what I see coming back, as long as Rutsk. Comfortable with the 40 hours then I think I'm good there and I noticed the training piece died. Which sounds like isn't going to be useful for Speaker 227. It'd probably be more for people like myself and I tend to be self trained anyways. I'll just ask Speaker 227 questions when I need anything.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 227: Yeah that's what I was thinking by the time the system is built, I'll do a training session anyways. Because I'll be the one who's built it by that point. So it's like nobody's going to understand the adjusted work. Workflow Thank you. As well as me anyway. So if I don't need it, then they won't need it once I'm done either.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 228: Yeah. And then the other question we did have was also with the subscription because the subscription increases so we've already paid for this year understanding when that increase would hit and what do we get with it. So sort of walking through because I know that comes with so many licenses, but and correct me if I'm wrong Speaker 140.

---
Client resource profile: Migration-heavy project team.
Client project resource guidance: Assume client resources are weighted toward data/file ownership: client PM, legacy data owner, migration verification lead, quality approver, IT/file repository owner, and process SMEs for sample-load review. ABC Corp should expect iterative data sign-off and clearly assigned owners for extract, mapping, cleansing, and production verification.
Use this context to tailor the Client Project Resources slide and related assumptions. Keep wording conservative, avoid named individuals, and adjust based on any stronger evidence elsewhere in the transcript.
---
