[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Hey, good. Morning. Hey, how are you?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Doing well, Speaker 176. Doing well. How. Are you doing?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Doing
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Okay. You look tired. Already. I mean, it's Thursday, so it's probably a long week already.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: That's right. That's how it goes.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Whereabouts are you?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: So right now I'm at our offices in just North of Detroit, Michigan. Oh, okay. Yeah. So I'm based actually, I live in Ohio, so about three, 3 and a half hours away. So, split my time between here at the office and then at home remotely sometimes.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Well, I'm out in Toronto, so not far from where you are right? Now.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah. And.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: I don't know where Speaker 089 is. I'm not even trying to guess. No, more. Well,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: I'm down in the Orlando area, but I drive through Detroit all the time because I actually used to live in Toronto. And I still have family up there. So I'm typically on the 75 going through. They haven't opened up the Gordie, Howe Bridge, have they uh
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: I don't know. But yes, it's been I think it's open now. Is it? Oh, is it? Yeah.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Well, there was a little bit of oh, we need to get paid for it and then there was like, but we paid everything for it and then it was like, okay, let's fine. We'll open it. So yeah, I think it's one of those I remember that project really well I was trying to sell someone software that they needed to manage that bridge. Bridge Yeah. Construction project. But yeah, Speaker 176, I appreciate you jumping on the call.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Today. I mean, your RFI is well written. I mean, for an RFI, it's pretty solid. But we wanted to make sure that we want to our role is like, we don't want to just like, okay, see the certain phrases like, oh, QMS, this process, NCRs. And be like, okay, that's the perfect client for [COUNTRY]. Let's sell them.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Software. We want to develop a long term. Partnership. We want to understand some of the pains you're struggling with and see if we can vibe with it, if we can fix it. We've got a lot of clients, right? And we want to make sure we understand those requirements clearly. So Speaker 089 and I ran through your RFI and we had some questions. Yeah. I had some on the process side and Speaker 089 has some on the functionality side. So. We'll just go through that right now and then yeah. Well, it's alright.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, yeah, I appreciate you saying that. It's alright.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: If I just give you the quick background because I know with ABC Corp. And how I was reaching out before has all been emailed. So really, it's the first time we've talked to you guys face to face in any kind of capacity. And. So just a quick background from Customer 27's Gardner, perspective is that we're a very relatively immature organization when it comes to kind of global standards and global processes, right? And. So this is…so we have a current in house. System. [PERSON]'t mind telling you what it is. It's from [QMS_SYSTEM]. And, it's just not…for many of reasons [COUNTRY], including that we've deferred some investment on our side.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: So not all their fault but for many reasons, it's not in the state that we want it to be and we're just taking a kind of holistic approach from the organization perspective of going out and looking for potential alternatives, right? As well, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: And this is what kind of facilitate or precipitated the RFI process and with that again, again, and it's good that we talk is that it's our attempt internally to get more structured and disciplined of how we look at our vendors and partners and things like this. And. So I want to give you guys, I don't want to say the assurance or reassurance. We aren't, we want, we're not overly concerned about how extravagant or detailed, detailed the RFI is kind of filled out. Meaning if there's a box or a question.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Not answered or left blank or please refer for other details, it's not a disqualifying part thing from our part. It's actually our attempt to get our internal people, again, more disciplined at the process of working through vendors and partners and things like this.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: So that as we look at many alternatives that we can can kind of have a data kind of, discipline driven approach, have a structured conversation based on answers and responses. And so I, as I've been meeting with people yourselves and others, I like, to reiterate that this RFI process is more for an internal Customer 27 capability and making sure alignment than we are in terms of holding you guys particularly accountable that, as I said, this information doesn't look correct or what have you. So again, it's kind of more of a the spirit of [COUNTRY] going through this more than all of that. And. So hopefully that comes across. And as well from my role in this, right, is I'm the I'm in the IT department, right? I'm the CTO with Customer 27, right? And. So we can talk through some of the specific in terms of if there's actual relative to the processes that we've you know, have highlighted in there. I have some knowledge in those areas, but I'm by no means the expert. And. So I just want to give you guys that background. And obviously, as we get through this and get more connected to the subject matter experts, right, we would obviously do that and help to answer those questions as best as possible. So. Hopefully that provides a little context, a little color there, and we can, yeah hopefully I can help you out as best I can. Can, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: No, it does. So, I mean, it's good in the sense that you are a mature buyer in the sense that you have a software. So you have [QMS_SYSTEM]. How long, have you been using it for?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, it's been the better part. Of 8 to 10 years. And again, many issues we have with it. But like I said, some of those issues are our own doing, right? Right? Right. Kind of thing. And. So don't want to put the blame there, but yeah.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: So I was doing some research on your company. I mean, you have about 25 to 40 sites, manufacturing sites, or is there more?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: No, roughly that's about, yeah.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: And about 7,000 employees. So that, those are pretty, so, so that's what I was saying. So they're all using [QMS_SYSTEM]. Is it centralized or some
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Sites are doing their own? Yeah, the software is centralized. And actually within our portfolio, if you will, from an application standpoint, we have really 3 different vendors, providers that overlap. So we have [QMS_SYSTEM] as our, what I would say, main system. We also use Intelex. And we also use [SYSTEM]. For some document, management compliance type things. And. So the adoption and usage of those tools is not uniform across.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: All of those manufacturing sites, right? Right? That's where I was talking about the relative immaturity of a globalization of our processes. And about over the past 4 years, we went through that push at our ERP level, right? And. So as a company, we're transitioning into more centralized globalization of our processes, standards across all of our plans. As. We did that at the ERP level, we're now pushing this out into our edge peripheral. Systems, of which, QMS you know, would be one of them to kind of not just use the application as a mechanism to globalize or standardize because we're already doing that. But since we're already doing that, we take a look at what we have and we realize what we have right now is not adequate for serving the needs. And. So it's kind of one didn't cause the other chicken egg thing, but basically both of those Advanceics' what's going on there.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: So yeah.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Okay, well, I mean me and Speaker 089 have experience with Intelex. Yeah. We've been there I've been there for 12 years prior to this. And yeah, obviously there's a shift of why I came here and you guys use [CRM_PLATFORM] as well?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Correct.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: And, do you manage your cases in there? Is there any sort of tie in with your QMS, right? Now?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: So there is no QMS. Tie in, right? And that's one is I'm wondering, one of the desires, particularly as it gets to customer management, claims management from our side. That is our number one priority within the thing. Is, kind of driven from that commercial kind of customer aspect, our claims, kind of management, case management is our, what we have at least identified as our biggest opportunity from a bottom line perspective. Perspective. Because we don't do that well today because of lack of integration with our QMS. System. And again, the reason why, many, many reasons why, but yeah, that's our top opportunity, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Okay. Okay. Speaker 089, feel free to jump in. I mean, I have lots of questions. I don't want to take this over.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So, Speaker 176, realistically, there are 2 or 3 questions that I I have. Have. So looking at the document. And let me just figure out which tab that went on to now. There we go. So under your system, functionality, number five, FMEA and HCCPA. Now I've been around QMS systems for the past 15, 16 years. I'm familiar with HACCP, HACCP, but not HCCPA. So that's an acronym I have not run into. So I'm trying to figure out and I literally I googled.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: It. I threw it into every single search that I could possibly find and they all refer back to HACCP, but you're not in food and bed. So I'm trying to figure out what does HCCP actually mean?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, well, that's a great question. I'm sure.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: That's somewhat of a guardianized something. Something. Let me just comment that I'll follow up on that. But I think that it's a guardianized version. Of like a subset of FMEA or whatever, because we have tend to created our own kind of things. And I guess from the RFI perspective, the sanitization of that probably wasn't the best, right? I'll Yeah. Just commit, let me follow up on that and I'll get you guys the specifics, but I wouldn't take it as anything that obviously you're doing your research, I wouldn't take it as anything that's commonly known in the industry or whatever.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: And you guys are missing it. It's more from I probably are part of how we communicate and what we call certain things. Yeah,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: And I was racking my brain and I talked to one of my counterparts and he's been around the industry for about 30 years and he looked at it and he said, he's like. So either they just
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Put
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: The A somewhere or this is something that we just have no idea about and he's like I would be surprised if it's something we don't know.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: About. It's probably the former, but I'll confirm that. Okay,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Not a problem. And that makes me feel better because I was like holy cow I'm missing something that I and usually and you can ask Caprita or a lot of other people you kind of say an acronym to me I usually have a pretty good handle on them. The other question that came around and this was in let's bring this up.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Here. Nope, nope. So under section 3 for your technology. Assessment, you do have mention here under number number 7. So integration, patterns, real time versus batch, and that's fine. But the other mention of batch was batch manufacturing. And that is under section one, vendor attributes number 5. So. What are you currently utilizing to, as your MES and for your batch processing at this point?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: So that's the thing. So we have no unified system, right, in terms of whatever. So we do not have a universal or global MES. System. What we have is traditionally out of typical MES systems. What we have is probably a series of what I would call features of an MES system that we have pulled out and either internally developed or used some other things. And. So we identified probably two, 3 years ago. That also is a separate roadmap item for [COUNTRY], right, in terms of how we look from a a true MES system and go there. And. So I would say when you're talking about integration, points and things like this, is we have the understanding without a kind of centralized system or what have you, it'd be hard to as your peripheral systems connect into any of that, right, it's hard. To standardize or do that. But my, so from an integration, though, standpoint, as I mentioned, earlier, we have made progress.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Progress in other areas, like so downstream into the ERP, other things where we do have centralized kind of global systems. So from a traditional MES, yeah, there's not one that we would look for a standard integration or doing that, right? So… Gotcha.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So, I guess the secondary question to that is, are you at some point going to be looking for a batch solution?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Okay, because I was going to say, if I were to tell you that is something that we are currently developing at. This point. Yeah. And it's one of those things. Where, again, it's functionality. If you're not going to be using it. Today, great, not a problem. And if you're looking at other solutions, sure, not a problem. We can easily integrate to various other solutions. So for [COUNTRY].
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Again, it's not a problem from our standpoint, but if you are in the midst of potentially even looking at one, this is an opportunity where as an organization, you could essentially go through that process with [COUNTRY] and start to say, hey, look, this is what we're actually looking at doing. How would you essentially manage it? And being able to have that, I wouldn't say a custom build because we don't do custom work, so to speak. What we try and do is configure the system to a point where various different iterations or functionality can either be turned off or turned on based on customer requirement. Yeah. And that's what we end up tending to do because we don't want to essentially just specialize in one industry. We want to be able to say, hey, look, whether you are in manufacturing a steel ingot or if you're doing pharmaceutical manufacturing or whatever else, here's a solution that can be essentially configured to your requirements based on an out of the box solution, so to
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Speak. Yeah, yeah. No, it makes sense and I appreciate you saying that because it brings up another point in that my background, right, prior to the CTO role, right, is I was in our kind of enterprise architecture.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Group. And as we look through that kind of very questions, not just from a strict portfolio perspective, but how do we want to do certain things, not re engineer things, but kind of develop or co develop these things as we go is that was one of the big topics we'd always talk about, particularly in this space, right, in terms of why don't we have a solution already, right, is because as we've gone through a lot of these things, is that whether making we make glass, right, and so whether making glass is that wholeheartedly, unique or not, right, is that we can never find something that kind of fit our thing. And so going through that process is something something that we would definitely be interested in from a partnership.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Perspective. So I appreciate you saying that. The other note, though, with that, and I realize it's like the little aspect of talking out of both sides of my mouth. So I fully realize this, right, is what I mentioned before from a kind of maturity and discipline standpoint from an organizational aspect, is I'm trying to make sure that the organization has the discipline to focus on right? Now, What, is the scope. What are the things that we need? What do we need to solve the things and part of then my job from continuing to manage the architecture group as well as the technology side is those very things that you mentioned, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Is A not to lose sight of them and then B how do we work those in either as a corollary as we go secondary whatever the things are. So just remaining focused on, hey, core need right now, is to make sure we hit these features or subsets traditionally in the QMS thing, knowing that as we want to expand our ecosystem and look at more of the full end to end of everything, these are the very relevant conversations. So, A, I mean, I. Really appreciate you saying that because whether you want to call that a roadmap thing or continuous thing that we're evaluating, it's definitely on the docket of things we have to get to, so.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Perfect. Yeah, I just wanted to be able to highlight that because it's something that, again, we're already rolling out to a couple of customers. Already. Yeah. But it's one of those things where if it's something that's going to be of interest further down the road, we'll have to put you in contact with the individuals who are defining that functionality. Right. Because, even with our own application, we'll go, we'll develop to a point, release that functionality and off we go. And then as customer requests come in, as I mentioned, we don't do anything that's custom based. Custom, MasterCraft. So to speak. We essentially take those recommendations and build it into the platform and release it for everyone. Because if you want it, chances are your neighbor may want it or vice versa.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Right, exactly.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Yeah, it's something that we end up looking at. Essentially for you to have that discussion. The last question I have for you is SPC. How important. Is this functionality?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: That's a great question.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: It's becoming more important as we go, right? And so, again, back putting on my architecture, enterprise architecture hat, right, is we have, I'm aware of some initiatives within the organization of which actually SPC is going to become very important as part of the delivery of the product or what have you. When it comes to making glass. That's generally when you get into into glass required for solar panels and things like that, you're that kind of aspect to be able to look at things from an SPC perspective becomes more important than our main traditional float basically commodity kind of glass.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: That we do right. So I would say it's becoming more important as we go. But if I were looking at pure current scope, scope, right, it's a more of a aspirational things that we would like to not develop in the sense of developing, but get more in line from our business. So we do not, to be clear, today, we don't take high leverage to manage of SPC or things like that. And. So it's just one of those things as we evaluate, you, know, capabilities from products and things like that's kind of how we're looking at that. Particular kind of feature or whatever the product, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So, and again, in the effort of being transparent, because I don't believe in trying to do the entire sales. Thing, I like to be as open as I possibly can here. From a record management standpoint, we can manage the records. Where we struggle with, and as I said, in the effort of being transparent, is the reporting, the control charts. So we actually we typically don't do that. Ourselves. We actually have a partner called Minitab. Minifact, that essentially does all of the reporting and they essentially extract the information from our system.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: So you are able to get the control charts and everything else. Yeah. So, if you're okay with that approach, again, we can still go through that without any issue. Other than that, from a functional standpoint, everything else that I'm seeing is core functionality of what we have and definitely things that we can help you with. Things such as just looking at some of your requirements.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Claims. How, do we essentially manage those from complaints and so forth? Typically claims are a when you're managing your RMAs. And so forth, that's going to come from your ERP. So that's typically an integration where we can pull that live information over and off. You go. So it's more a matter of what's the overall process of the claim itself and how we essentially manage it. Exactly again, not seeing other than those few things that I brought up at this point, specifically around SPC. And for the mysterious acronym that we can't figure out yet. Those are the only 2 things from a functional. Standpoint. But other than that, I think we look good. Speaker 095, I have nothing else at this point.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, I appreciate it. I just want to say that you'll probably find that with [COUNTRY]. [COUNTRY]. Going back to my original comment of not being mature, right, is I don't think you would find anything with [COUNTRY] doing out of what I would say the ordinary or extreme in any of those features or capabilities. Things is more or less. I think this exercise for [COUNTRY] is to find a partner a vendor to that does meet our needs and we have priorities within those listed. Listed. I already shared, one of them being kind of customer you know, kind of management. We have a little bit of scar with supplier kind of management kind of things. But for the most part, I don't think we have any out of left.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Field kind of things. It's it again, more of an effort to get [COUNTRY] a little bit more harmonized on a system that can provide some value for [COUNTRY] and not looking for the nth degree. Of leading, in any of those feature. Capabilities, right? It's like, it's more about the stability, the ability to, like I said, technically integrate as which is pretty much table stakes now, but there's a reason why that stuff is in our RFI because it's some of the stuff we struggle with today, right? So, but.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 089: Yeah, it makes complete sense.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: No, Speaker 176, and I appreciate you going into the depths you have. I mean, usually people hold off and not sharing that much upfront in the first first call. Place. And that's great. The more, what we tell all of our clients. Is that our prospects are, the more you share, the more we know, the more we can figure out. What we need to do to help, right? And I guess the biggest question for me is, so I understand you have those 4 tools that you're using already across your sites. Yeah. 7,000, employees. I mean, humans.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Are habitual creatures. Tours, there will probably be a lot of pushback. Push push They'll probably be like, why are you changing this? This works for [COUNTRY] or it may not work perfectly. So what is truly pushing this introspection or sort of pushing this, driving this evaluation? I mean, is it like some contracts are coming up for renewal? Is it more like a board mandate? What is it like? Is it? Truly an audit that something happened? If you can share more of that insight. Insight. Yeah,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: No, and it goes a little bit. Yeah, sure. No problem. It goes a little bit back to what I said, is that at an executive leadership thing is they need to get a better handle on what is visible is customer claims and the money going out. The door with customer claims. Okay. Right. And. So as we talked about claims is just a portion. Of or the QMS within claims is just a portion, function. Entire kind of claim life cycle and things like this, right? And. So that's the mandate to get a better visibility on why we're receiving so many claims and like, this. We identify that the QMS system is a in our area.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Anyway, an important piece of that overall. Process. And, as we looked at that, piece of our system, we just understood what we have now is not capable, meets the needs. And. So the overall driving Thank you. Force from executives and leaderships, is that more commercial visibility with our customers, that sort of thing. But we've already communicated to them that as a part of that, this is what is coming with?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: It, is that we anticipate a need in this. System things like this. And then combine that with what I said is that as the organization is trending or maturing to a more globalization aspect, it's also aligns to individually, within with the needs of the needs. Our quality department or quality capability, it aligns to some of the things they want to do as well, which is kind of bring everybody together, globalize. It, allow for more standardization across the environment, kind of thing. And. So contractually you said, yeah, typically where we've at, we've known this has been a problem for like the last 3 years, right? And. So with our current vendors, we've already pre kind of set the stage during our previous contract renewals to only get into one year kind of renewals at a time. And. We know we've sacrificed some potential savings by only I don't think doing that. So. Right. But what that's allowed [COUNTRY] to do is now as we're ready to potentially execute on this, right, is that, yeah, there's some milestones we want to hit during the execution phase so that we potentially don't have to renew some of those another year. Right, but again, the contractual aspect of it is more just related to when we get closer to the planning of the execution and things like that. But we've already done the pre work to get to just small one year renewals to allow [COUNTRY] the flexibility to exit those as we come up, right? So, yeah.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: So since since you mentioned that you I mean that's good. You've done the pre work what it takes who you need to put pull in line in to get this done on your end. Timeline wise, I know this is on RFI. RFI is usually pre RFP and then RFQ. I mean, not a lot of people follow that methodology, but where you think you are right now, like from the RFI getting your responses to selecting a system and making the jump. And I know in the RFI itself, it's a pilot, right? So there's
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: A little bit of mention. Yeah, a little, I. [PERSON]'t want to say aggressive aggressive. Timeline because I think we won't be as formalized as you said in like RFI, RFP those sorts of things. It's basically, as I said, we're termining. The terminology. RFI send to our partners. Our process will be this. We've already done our pre work, narrowed it. Down. The group of people we're talking to is about 4 to five vendors, right? It's not massive.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: We're going to take the responses from the RFI, RPC. Which we were hoping would be at the end of May 8th, right, potentially next week or something along those lines. Thereabouts, not firm. It's fine. Review those internally. And the next step is unless there's something glaringly obvious of why we would disqualify someone based on the RFI, we anticipate moving to a more targeted demo evaluation.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Of allowing guys, to, show you know, [COUNTRY] the product based on our feedback from your RFI, meaning, hey, I'm already giving you the preview. We're very interested in the integrations or the flows related to the customer management. Will you be interested, in some other things which we can share with you before the demo? But. Then after that, we anticipate going straight to internal selection. So we would not probably, I mean, as part of that process, we would do if you would consider an RFP, but it would be more of a less formal than that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Meaning we would target who we wanted to our preference already and start working with you at that point with the hopes that at the roughly either end of June or middle July or sometime be able to take this proposal forward internally and say this is what we're working towards, for. Right? And. So hopefully that would be the decision point. And. Then when you if you fast forward, everything goes in line, hey, yeah, it looks good. When you talk about when I talk about those milestones that we'd be hitting is our I think most important milestone would be to not renew one of that. That master control contract.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: And that would be due at the end of January, 2027, 2022. Right? Okay. And. So what that means, though, is that whatever the You have implementation… to replace
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: The pieces that they…
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Just the pieces, since we're already spread. Across, it's actually advantage when we talk about a rollout of a new one, is that we can target specific pieces, right, that we just have to get off the master control functionality by January. And if we're done at that point for everything, great. Great. Or if it needs to continue because we need to bring in the pieces we have in Intelex and bring in the pieces we have from [SYSTEM], those have different milestone dates, right? And. So we would work through that with you, but in general, the big milestone would be targeting that before. Obviously, you have to know before then that you're going to hit that date so that we don't renew, but the thing would be end of January, 2027, right? Kind of thing, so.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Okay and I know we're out of time and I still have have questions, but I guess I'd, so my biggest struggle with these RFIs is pricing because I don't have your user breakdown. I don't understand like your, we understand some of the integration levels and all of that. And I usually don't want to disqualify. I'm very hesitant with giving someone a million dollar quote when it's not. And I may say that as a joke, right? A million bucks. But so how okay. If I were to share information with you regarding how our users are aligned, is that something you'd be able to give [COUNTRY] back saying, okay, we would need 10,000 in this bucket at 4,000 in this bucket?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Yeah.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: And I think at that stage, that's all we'd be looking for is that more of model pricing model of? Okay. If you're in this bucket, this is this and then would come back. Yeah, we're not looking for a price proposal, right? We're just looking for your price structures, I guess, of how you would price things out. And again, whether you have continued negotiations after that, we fully understand that happens later. We're just trying to get a relative point into the
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Speaker 312. That's good. I'm asking the question because you're saying this, but someone else usually be like, okay, no, they're way higher. But I'm like, but we haven't discussed apples to apples, right? Right? Right. Right. So I want to get that out. And I know, so we did talk about [CRM_PLATFORM] being in your stack. Already. That's where your customer information sits in. Yep. So, I mean, we'll respond to this RFI with that information, but just so you know, we are a [CRM_PLATFORM] native solution. So we're built on the [CRM_PLATFORM]. Platform. We're a Summit partner as well. So we have the AI functions, everything that [CRM_PLATFORM], we give, will sit, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: There. So the familiarity, I'm not sure how far that's spread into your organization, but as the CTO, I mean, you understand that stack and why you're doing business with [CRM_PLATFORM]. So there's that and the integrations and all of that. So, yeah, I'll take so we will go ahead and start working on this. RFI. Another question I have for you is like, how do you prefer? I mean, in today's world, people? People are going to don't be able to do that. Reading paragraphs and paragraphs of information. Do you prefer more visualization? I'm just trying to make this in the best way that's easier for your team to consume, right? Instead of reading a whole document, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, I would say that's probably a wise assumption to think that. Though, again, I realize everything can't be consumed in a graphic or put in a visualization. But yes, I mean, again, I want to stress to you guys, and there's a reason I'm talking to you myself, right, and not with the others, right, is I want to stress that we've already done our due diligence to narrow it down to you guys and some others as people we are very heavily interested in proceeding with. And. So again, the how this information comes across in the RFI, I wouldn't get too hung up on from your perspective because it won't be disqualifying in any manner. It's more of how I get my internal people used to, hey, these are how all of these people responded. How. Do we then parse through the information? Because I can tell you, hey, we prefer this format. But when then vendor B, C, D responds, it's going to be different somewhat. So it's getting them used to, hey, these are the questions we're asking. This is the format format. That comes back. How do we parse through? it? And so, again, the reason why I'm talking to you and they're not involved because it's a little bit of an education part for our people internally on just doing these things. And. So just give you guys the knowledge of that. [PERSON]'t get overly hung up.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: On that RFI kind of format whatever. But so anything you feel sharing, like it's structured with all these questions, one through 10. And can answer questions 1 through 6 in a graphic or things like that, then do that. Yeah, okay. So I'll keep that
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: In mind. I mean I suck at writing and I don't. Copy and paste. I like to customize everything based on. So that's why I having the conversation. So I understand where you're coming from, right? Last question, so you said you chose [COUNTRY], right? In terms of your the part of your group of people you like, where do you how do you make that decision [ANALYST_FIRM] [ANALYST_FIRM], did you come from?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yep. Okay. As an organization, we're part of a larger organization within Coke. Customer 27, right? Yeah, yeah. And we have access to many of those [ANALYST_FIRM]'s, Forrester, a bunch of other research. The internal investigations made by our SMEs. In this area, we had a kind of already process to kind of narrow it down and get to this point. So, yeah. I.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Remember when my buddy at Intellects was working the Coke account. And they sold it. This was 2017? Yeah.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: That might be our that's about the time we had our implementation of maybe around Intelex. Yeah I.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: Think that's when yeah. That's for me when Intelex started going. Well, we start when we sold and you know, the new owners came in and it became a different company, but yeah, I appreciate I know it's 6 minutes over, but I appreciate you taking taking the time. We're buying this RFI out. I'll probably send you some questions I have just to so I can get you some estimates or some level of estimates and we'll go from there. But I appreciate you spending this time today.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: No, I appreciate you guys reaching out, making the time. It's very helpful for [COUNTRY]. So thanks.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 095: All right, Speaker 176. Thank you. Take care. Have a good weekend.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: You too. Bye now. Yeah.

---
Client resource profile: Large multi-site enterprise program.
Client project resource guidance: Assume a larger enterprise customer requiring a federated resource model: global sponsor, program manager, site/local champions, central quality owner, IT/security lead, integration owner, migration owner, validation lead, and regional SMEs. Decision-making should include a steering forum to manage cross-site alignment.
Use this context to tailor the Client Project Resources slide and related assumptions. Keep wording conservative, avoid named individuals, and adjust based on any stronger evidence elsewhere in the transcript.
---
