[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: More.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Me check with Speaker 191 or with Speaker 231 if they're joining in.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Speaker 191 is joining shortly.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 221: Hi everyone this is [PERSON] Koccher from R&D, Customer 41 Customer 41.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Hi, good day. [PERSON], good to connect with you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 221: Same here.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Hi Speaker 191.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: Hi, hi, good afternoon everyone.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Good afternoon Speaker 191. Good afternoon.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 221: Hi, good afternoon.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: So we have the team from ABC Corp. So please let me know when you have the team from Customer 41 Customer 41 and when we can start.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: Yes, sure. Let's wait for a couple of minutes. People are joining. Okay. We will start.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: I think for some people, it might be good morning as well. Yeah,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: For Speaker 196 and Speaker 128, that's correct.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: Good morning.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Thank you. No problem. Good day, everyone.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 196: Good morning. Good afternoon. Good morning. Good afternoon.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: Rama, can you check whether Rootki team is joining? The links are on other Steam members. Yeah. Hi. Good afternoon. This.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Is Speaker 245 from Rootki.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Hello. Welcome. How are you?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Good, thank you. So much.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: Speaker 217, any idea [PERSON] Talib joining? Joining?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: No, I don't have an idea. Neelima is also not there. I think they are having some meeting. Let me check with Neelima. Give me some time.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Speaker 191, while we were waiting for the others, can we have a quick round of introduction so that we can save some time?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Sivar, who do you want to start? Sivar, we can start with introductions from Customer 41 while others are joining. Once, everybody is joined. In, we'll introduce ourselves from ABC Corp and then we can start.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 096: Hi, Speaker 110, myself, I'm basically working as the Speaker 034 R&D Speaker 034 for finished usage at Customer 41, Customer 41 and associated with Customer 41. Customer 41 last 8 years. Thank you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 096: Hi, this is Rafi Kochar from
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 221: R&D Formulations, Customer 41 Customer 41. So, joined in January. So, spent around 35 years in industry till now.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: Good afternoon. I am Sarliel. Saxena. I am working as Senior Speaker 191 Quality at Rootkeep, Customer 41, Apo Customer 41 and to [DOCUMENT_SYSTEM], Speaker 172 and [PERSON]. I have around 36 Xen years of work ban, experience in pharmaceuticals. Xen ban, Wonderful. Xen ban, Good, afternoon, I'm Yen Beno [PERSON]. Speaker 311. Kundid. I'm Xen ban, working here as a Xen deputy ban. Manager. Xen ban. Microbiology and I'm associated with the Customer 41 Customer 41 Group Xen ban. From the Xen last 3 years. Ban.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Xen ban,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Xen ban. Hi, good afternoon. Afternoon.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Xen ban. Continue. This is Speaker 245. Xen ban, Xen from Customer 41. Ban. Xen. Ban. 11. Customer 41. I have around 20 years, experience in quality control and I am responsible for Customer 41 Customer 41 in quality control. Thank you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 034: Myself, DJ and I actually I am working a chief manufacturing officer here. Looking for the overall operations of the plant at Roorkee and I have over 35 years of experience from CIPLA, Ranvacksy, Ivka, Lupin, Lupin, like that. So, I may be last 4 years I am working with these organizations. Thank you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: Hi, good, morning, good afternoon. This is Speaker 191, Speaker 191, I am part of the International, Health, IT team. I recently joined this organization supporting World Professionnel in this EQMS and Lens application evaluation along with [ERP_SYSTEM] portfolio.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Thank you, Speaker 191.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: Yeah, hello. We are not audible. Unmute. Hello. Hello.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: We can hear you now.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: Am I audible now? Yes.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Yes. Yeah. Hello. I'm myself, Speaker 218. I
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 218: Have joined Customer 41, Customer 41 one month. Back. I am supporting IT here in Aroorke Blanc as a senior manager. So along with me, I have Mr. Paritosh, my teammate. Yeah. Hi. Good morning. This is Paritosh. And, I have a 24 years. Experience, where I have 20 years in the Pava and rest in CoreIT. I am handling the infra plus the compliance over here. I joined on just 21st of April. Excellent.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Hi Speaker 231. Yeah, hi. Hi Jairaj.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: With you, Speaker 231. A quick introduction from your side for the team, and then I can introduce the team from ABC Corp.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Okay, hi, hi everybody. My name is Speaker 231. I lead, digital and IT for Customer 41 Customer 41.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Thank you. So, Speaker 191, are we waiting for anyone else?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: You are on mute, Speaker 231? Yeah, Yeah. I was waiting for one critical stakeholder, Speaker 217, to introduce. And then we can start.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Okay.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: Speaker 191, [PERSON] is joining. [PERSON]. Jain. I just had a word with Neelima, sir. [PERSON], sir, is not going to join.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 218: Neelima is going to join in a few minutes.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: Yeah. Okay.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: Speaker 217 is here, I think.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Yeah, he's here. Yeah,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Good afternoon, all of you. Q. Sorry for the delay. Talking with Neelma and [PERSON] sir. They are not going to join. Neelma will join [COUNTRY] shortly. So let me introduce myself. My name is Speaker 217, Speaker 217 and I'm here as your director for CQIIT, looking after IT compliances of the softwares. I am joined, Customer 41 Customer 41 recently and I'm having 18 years of experience in this CQIIT.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Wonderful, wonderful. Thank you, Speaker 217. Speaker 217.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: So, I mean, can I go ahead with the directions from ABC Corp?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: Yeah, I think we should. Perfect.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Thank you. So, good. Evening, everyone. My name is Speaker 110, Speaker 110. I look after the sales for ABC Corp. For the [COUNTRY], Middle East, and the APAC region. And I've been associated with the company for more than 8 years. For 20 years. And prior to that, I worked in South Africa for 20 years. For various manufacturing. Companies. I've been supported here by Speaker 128 and Speaker 196. A quick introduction from you Speaker 128 and then to Speaker 196.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Sure. Good day everyone. My name is Speaker 128. I'm a senior solutions engineer for ABC Corp. I've been with the company almost 5 years now, but in industry over 15. My role as part of this project is to understand your requirements and align them with our solution to show you how we can help you accomplish. Your goals. So I'll be the one presenting our solution to you guys. Looking forward to it. Thank you so much for the opportunity.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 196: Speaker 196, Hi, everybody. I am Speaker 196. I am the Speaker 034 Strategy Speaker 034 for ABC Corp. I've been at ABC Corp for over 9 years. 13. So happy to hear about a lot of people who have been in the industry for a long time because it doesn't make me feel as old. I have been in the quality industry for almost close to 30. Years. Beyond that, we won't say how many years that I've been involved with both small, medium, and very large sized. Pharma companies. So I'm here to be able to help any questions that might come up, especially it relates to some of the key requirements within the pharma industry.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Thank you, Speaker 196. I'm just about to share my screen just to give a quick introduction on ABC Corp before we start with the solution demonstration for today and set the agenda. Just, let me know when you're able to see my screen.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Is everyone able to see my screen?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: We can, Jay.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Perfect. Thank you. So I'm moving to the first slide. This is going to be the agenda for today. So we wanted to start with introductions. We have done that. So I'll be giving a quick introduction on the company for over 10 minutes and introducing to our solutions and set the stage for Speaker 128 to take over and do the demonstration. And she will be covering the MyCEQ, Dashboards, Reports, Document, Training, Change, Deviation, Kappa, Audits and Supplier capabilities from ABC Corp. And then we will spare some time for Q&A and L&R next steps. But in between, if you do have a question, you can ask [COUNTRY] and we will be able to support you. So if everybody is fine, I'll move on to the first slide. Can you see the slide that says about ABC Corp?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Perfect. So ABC Corp as a company, we are headquartered in [LOCATION], [LOCATION] in the [COUNTRY]. So we are in operation. Since 2012. And globally, we have about 300,000 plus users using the solution in up to 1,500 plus sites. And the promoters of the company have invested about 1,200 plus years of domain expertise in putting the solution. Together. They've had experience running similar companies in the past.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: And we also have a big leadership team which has come across from lots of these companies within the industry. And the key go to marketing strategy that we have adopted is building the solution on the [CRM_PLATFORM] platform. So we come as a 100% natively built on the [CRM_PLATFORM] and the solution is fully configurable. And worldwide, we have about 550 plus employees working for the company globally. And also we have many companies KPMG, PwC, Deloitte, Infosys, who happens to be our technology partners, having a center of excellence established for ABC Corp. And we also practice what we preach. We're an [STANDARD_BODY] 9001, SOC 2, and 27001 certified company.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Ourselves. And financially, we are a strong company owned by Insight. Partners. So we come with a positive, EBITDA and cash.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Flow. It does matter to you because you're trusting your business partner on a company, and do not want to go with a company that's small and that can go bust in a few years. So I've listed some of the marquee customers that ABC Corp currently have and I've also given some of the recognition from the industry that ABC Corp has got. So from a customer perspective, the 2 top customers I can provide to you as a reference here is Johnson & Johnson, the Janssen Pharma, and it is now called as Johnson & Johnson. Innovation Lab. They are using our solution as a global transformation of the quality system. And within [COUNTRY], we have Dr. Reddy's Laboratories who have adopted ABC Corp as a global quality solution where we are replacing their current system, which is in [ERP_SYSTEM] and their document system, which is in open text and the training, which is in sum total. So it's going to come into one in the end solution with ABC Corp across 26 global locations. And industry. Wise, we are recognized well by Oh, [ANALYST_FIRM], my. Where we are a leader with our ability to execute and also with our vision. So. [ANALYST_FIRM]'s magic quadrant for 2026 has named ABC Corp as a leader there. I'll just take your pause here. Any questions for me on the slide?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Moving on to my second slide.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: From, your [COUNTRY] operations perspective, could you throw more lights when did you are in the you start your [COUNTRY] go to market? Because there are a lot of logos you have outside. [COUNTRY], only Dr. Reddy's. Just from a team perspective, would you be interested to know more about your [COUNTRY] focus?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: From an [COUNTRY] perspective, we started our operation about a couple of years ago and we established our [COUNTRY] offices. So prior to that, our focus was mostly in [COUNTRY] and [REGION]. So the [NATIONALITY] market, we have entered in.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Now, with the help of [CRM_PLATFORM], giving [COUNTRY] the go to market, direction. So in fact, [CRM_PLATFORM] had [DOCUMENT_SYSTEM] as a partner in [COUNTRY] and in 2025, [DOCUMENT_SYSTEM] has distanced themselves from [CRM_PLATFORM]. Moving on to their own platform. So ABC Corp being a summit level partner with [CRM_PLATFORM] has now come into the [COUNTRY], market, explore, the market, here. The first customer we got from a pharma. Perspective, is Flipkart, or it's going to be Dr. Reddy's Laboratories, and we have many other customers as well. Apart from Dr. Reddy's Laboratories in other industries as well. That's using the ABC Corp solution. Hope this answers your question, Speaker 231.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Speaker 231 Skiwakarajanth, Ph.D. Yeah, and what about your partners? How? Do you get it? which partners? Do you work with clients directly? Or do you have partners who will work with [COUNTRY]?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Yeah, we have about a team of 550 plus employees employees. Globally. Plus in [COUNTRY], we have about 175 plus employees working for [COUNTRY]. And. We also have partners PwC, KPMG, Accenture, Deloitte, Infosys, who have a center of excellence, established for ABC Corp. So the implementation can be directly done by ABC Corp resources itself, or in some cases, we might take the resources from the partner, or in some cases, we might also give the entire implementation to the partner, if they have prior relationship with the customer and they prefer having them as a partner to be implemented. We are flexible.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Okay.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Cool. So this is about ABC Corp proven at scale and which are trusted by the industry. Leaders. We did speak about Dr. Reddy's lab and Johnson & Johnson. The other prominent customer that we have is the Center for Disease, Control in the U.S. They use ABC Corp. So in this recognition, I mentioned about [ANALYST_FIRM], where we are the leader, and Frost and Sullivan for the best practices. Recognition, and Verontix has also recognized ABC Corp in the green quadrant for 2025.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: For the QMS because of our strong AI capabilities, which includes the AI capabilities plus the generative AI capabilities that Speaker 120, Jocelyn will be demonstrating the shortly now. So from a ABC Corp perspective, what we offer is a digital quality plus platform, which takes care of your operational efficiency and revenue while you are able to manage your costs and risks in 4 different areas with product, process, people and partners. So we offer 4 different suites. So all the suites come with a question. So the first one is the [PRODUCT_SUITE].
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 196: Speaker 110, you're on mute.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: So we have 4 suites, Product. Quest, [PRODUCT_SUITE], [PRODUCT_SUITE] and Partner. Quest. So the [PRODUCT_SUITE] is a module that Customer 41 are interested in. This comes with an integrated capabilities for your document, training, and quality management solutions for both quality assurance and quality. Control. And. We also have the [PRODUCT_SUITE], which takes care of your job safety analysis, and it also takes care of your health and safety incident. Management. Then we have [PRODUCT_SUITE], which takes care of all your supplier interactions as a supplier relationship management solution, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: From onboarding, the suppliers, auditing them, and also ensuring that have KPIs and you're able to monitor their KPIs. And the solutions that we have is all integratable with your bespoke developed system within the company or any third party system that you purchase. Your ERP, LIMS, MES, CRM. And also because we're built on the [CRM_PLATFORM]. Platform, we come pre integrated with your [CRM_PLATFORM] instances. And what you see at the bottom is all the utilities that we have used from [CRM_PLATFORM]. To put the solution together. All of this will be made available to our customers to be able to enhance and innovate the solution.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Forward. So we have embedded analytics and reporting where you get lots of reports in the system and also the dashboard capabilities that Joslyn will be demonstrating in a few minutes from now. And. You also have the ability to create n number of reports and dashboards as you want, as long as the data is there in the system. You also have a collaboration tool within the company company to use the chatter where you can keep control on the workflow record and all the interactions happening between the different team members can be grouped up together.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: And retrieved later. We also have a portal for your suppliers to log in securely and they only have access to their account data and you can also communicate with them directly and confidentially. And we also have alerts and notification mechanism that Speaker 128 will be demonstrating. Okay, then also the next best action where the gets to know what action he needs to perform next and also a link upon clicking which will take him to the task that he needs to perform, making it the kind of user Adaptability becomes easier. Then the entire application is also available on the mobile. Device. You're able to use it on an iOS or an Android device. All you need to do is to download the [CRM_PLATFORM] application. And once you log in with your user credentials, you will have access to all of the capabilities for which your organization has given you access.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: To. The entire application comes pre validated. So for you being in the LiveSenses. Vertical, we will be providing you the installation qualification and operational qualification out of the box. And. We will also share with you all the OQ scripts. Again, if any changes have been made within Customer 41 Customer 41, and if your risk assessment requires you to do a PQ, you will be able to take our OQ, modify and then do the PQ. And then the entire application comes with ABC Corp.AI. Agents. So we use the [CRM_PLATFORM] Agent Force, and each of these agents is able to monitor all the data coming into the system and give you all the recommendations, which you'll also be seeing shortly from the demonstration through Speaker 128. I'll just take a pause here. Any questions for me on the slide?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: If there are none, I just want you to take you to my next slide speaker. Which is a bit in detail. So what you're seeing here is a logical representation of some of the capabilities which in each of our product, suites. So like for example, [PRODUCT_SUITE] that you see here comes with product lifecycle and design quality.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: And whereas a [PRODUCT_SUITE] comes with all the capabilities for the supplier, then [PRODUCT_SUITE] comes with all the capabilities needed from document and knowledge management, risk, customer and quality, quality. The [PRODUCT_SUITE] comes with the safety capabilities and environmental health and safety capabilities. So this is just one small drill down level just to show you the kind of capabilities and group logically to help you understand the kind of strength that's there in the ABC Corp.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Functionality. And if there are no more questions for me, I would like to hand this over to Speaker 128 to be able to take over from here and demonstrate the solution. Based B. On the discussion we had with the team previously and aligned on your requirements for Customer 41.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Over to you, Speaker 128.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Perfect. All right. Well, good day to everyone. For those of you that I haven't met yet because you guys, I've seen everybody joining, a couple of people joining afterwards. My name is Speaker 128. I'm going to be doing your demonstration. Today. Feel free to ask questions as we go through the presentation. I'll be more than happy to answer them for you. If you want to also use the chat, I have Speaker 196 watching it and Jayraj as well, so we can go that route. Whatever way you prefer, that is okay. With [COUNTRY]. So I'm going to go ahead and share my screen. Here. Here. Just let me know when it's okay. It's visible for everyone?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Yes. Perfect. I can see.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Okay. So the way that I like, to start my demonstrations, it's walking you through a couple of scenarios initially of when a user logs in, what will they see? So? There's different options. This option is called MyCQ. MySecure has been designed to give you access to everything, everything you need right there from one screen without you having to navigate to different tabs or do too much searching. So on the top here you have a menu that actually takes you directly to all the modules. So any list view of records will be accessible from the menu. Keep in mind, I am an administrator in the system.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So if this is going to be configured to each user depending on what their permissions are. So, you'll control who has access to what and within those modules, what they can and cannot do. Over here you can see that I have open, tasks. These tasks are listed at the bottom. These are tasks that have been assigned to me as a user. I'm now going to be able to complete them as needed. This is not something that's coming from just one module. Module. They're coming from audits. They're coming from Kappas. So across the whole solution, anything that is assigned to me as a user will be listed under my open. Tasks. Of course, I am also getting an email notification when something gets assigned to me with a link that takes me directly to that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Record. But from here, you have a whole list of your tasks. You also have a way to quickly take a look at your approvals. These are approvals that are coming from your deviations, from your kappas, from your changes, document.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Approvals. So similar to the tasks, these are approvals that are coming from all the different modules. And then we have pending trainings. So trainings that have been assigned to me will be listed in here. And there's a couple of options that I want to highlight. The first one being your 2 step training, process. Process. Take a look at the document, read the information, and once you've seen all the information, then you can go ahead and sign off.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So let's go ahead and take a look at what the document would look like. These are current documents that you have drafted in the control document folder, and now you're requiring training to be completed. Completed. As you can see, you can streamline the look and feel of your documents using headers and footers, your watermarks, and as the user goes through the full document, now they will have this sign off turn. On. They can enter in their password that's going to work as their electronic signature. And that training will then disappear from the list. You also have the ability to upload SCORM compliant.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Content. Those are files that allow you to create videos and upload them into the solution.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So you can use them as part of your trainings. You also have the option to require an assessment. So if there's an assessment requirement as part of the training to prove that you actually have read and understood that document that you previously read, you can also create these in the system. AI can also help you build these. So as part of the AI functionality, you can have assessments that get automatically created based on the criteria that you specify, and you can tweak them, use them as is, and then from there on you can reuse them for any future trainings as well. Of course, there's classroom training, and there's also the ability to require to show competency from your employees. So if the training requires you to show competency on any particular topic, then at that point your supervisor or trainer would be the one to do the final sign off of your training. The learning progress is going to show you how you are progressing on your training.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Plan. Then on the right hand side here, this is one way to search for documents. If the document number or title, you can type it in or just simply scroll through the list. But for demo. Definitely purposes, I want to highlight. Actually the one that's my preference. Down here, if we scroll down in this [PERSON], you can see that I have a control document folder structure. This allows me to toggle between binders. This is just an example of some of the binders that I have created here in my demo.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Org. You will create your binders based on how you want to organize your documents. You'll also give permissions to those that need to have access to those the binders. Binders as needed. Within the binders you're going to be able to then organize your documents in folders and subfolder structures. Again, this is just an example. You will be creating these to organize your documents accordingly. On the right hand side, this is the list of all of your documents. You can upload any type of documents, PDFs, Word documents, Excel, sheets, pictures, diagrams, drawings, anything that applies. You also have the ability to search for any type of document. So for instance, if I'm looking for anything related to audits, as an example, I'm going to type in my keyword as audits.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And this is going to search for all those documents that have to do with audits. Now all the documents that you see here are current. Documents. You're never going to run into a the scenario of selecting a document that's obsolete. Those documents are only visible for document. Authors from your control document list, not from here. So. These are all current documents. Now, one question that comes up a lot is, well, when you're searching for documents, is it searching the document itself or is it only searching the metadata, which is the basic details of your records, records?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Title, description, category. Well our solution has a way to generate a secondary format of your document into PDF. You can have it automatically done in the system or manually decide when you wanted to create that secondary format or not. If the system after the document gets approved. Sorry?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: To interrupt you, just a little clarity over of here. So we have both options. We can upload the document from outside the software and we can create inside the software, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So you're going to upload the document at all. Times. Our solution doesn't have a document writer. What we do have is, and I'll show you that as we're going to the document, where you can connect the solution to an online collaboration tool. Like [SOFTWARE_VENDOR] Docs Docs or Office 365 box and that will then move that document over to that tool where you can draft it there or just simply collaborate with others. Once you close the collaboration, meaning checking that document back in, then all those changes automatically come to the document.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Did that answer your question?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yes, yes. Sure. For means, if during review, if anything needs to be changed, we have to follow the same process, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Since we pause right now for questions, I believe there's someone else that has a question, Speaker 236?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: You're muted.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: Yeah, Speaker 128, I had just one question. Query on this. On the right side, stars are shown in different colors. Yes. What is the indication for that?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So I'm going to get to that. Let's go through this, piece. And then as soon as I'm done. Doing the demonstration for the different sections, I'll pause to see if there are any questions. And then we'll go from there. Okay? But before we move into the highlighted stars that are in color, here, we were talking about the searching of a document. If the system generates that secondary format in PDF, now that document becomes searchable within the content.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Itself. So you have options when it comes to the research, to the searching. Now, let's talk about these different documents that are highlighted in blue. If you work with documents on a frequent basis or you're on a project and you need to use these documents regularly. And you just want to favorite them, you want to mark them as documents that you use frequently, you can do so. And then by coming over to the favorites, you'll notice that you'll have a list of all those documents that I've previously marked as my favorites. So now.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: I don't have to be searching for them, I can just go ahead and just look for them from that list itself. Now, lastly, before we continue, the last thing is this link here that says One Related. As you're drafting your documents, if you want to link documents that are related on the same topic, you'll have the ability to do so. So when you click on that, link, it brings you any documents that are related to that existing one. You can add as many many as you'd like. There's no limit as to how many you can link together. And. If any of these links have gone through, let's say, for instance, a revision, you don't have to come back and refresh.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Those links. The system will automatically update those newer versions to the related documents that you've previously linked before. So that is an overview of this the document.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Is there any linkage between, suppose we mentioned some reference of the other SOP in one of the documents, is there any linkage for that documents?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yeah, that's what I just explained. Here. So in the related, you will be able to link it.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: So how it works. Means, suppose we go for a revision of one number. SOP, in that SOP we have mentioned 4 or 5 references of SOP. Will that give [COUNTRY] some pop up kind? Of messages to [COUNTRY] that yes, these kind of SOPs linked with this SOP?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yeah, you will have this link. It's not a pop up. You will have the link and the link will actually show you all those references that you've linked to that SOP.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: That will work for formats, also, right? And formats linked with other SOPs as well?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yes, correct. Our solution is fully integrated. So we've there got are any related records, and you'll see this through the presentation, any related records in this example, any related documents, you will be able to always see the references, see the related links that are associated to the record that you're looking at. At.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Now, as we continue, the announcements is just a way for you to communicate internally with your users. You can reference a website, you can add any any information, and you can also see who has viewed your announcements. And. Then lastly, we have reporting an issue. So from this section here, again, keep in mind, I am an administrator, so I have access to the quality suite as well as the safety suite. For your reference, you would only have access to the quality suite as safety is not in scope. So in here, you would have the ability to initiate a change, request, a complaint or a non conformance. Non Once you initiate that report, it will come into your most recently created issues where you can access those records from the link here. And you can also see the status on which each one of your issues is currently in. So I. Just wanted to start off with this and kind of show you that overview. How a user that comes into the system and wants to quickly get a hold of what tasks they have, any trainings, or just simply report a quick issue or look at a document, everything will be accessible from here. Now, as I mentioned. Before, we do have other ways to access the system when you log in. So if you're more of a supervisor overseeing multiple facilities or your own with different departments, or just simply want to log in and dive in into the quality metrics to see how your organization is doing as a whole, you'll be able to go ahead and take a look at some landing [PERSON]. This. And here. We have an example of a quality dashboard that has metrics from your audits, from your deviations, and also from your CAPAs. Now, this is just an example. You will get get these dashboards as part of the out of the box, but you can modify them. You can create your own or use them as is. In this example here, as I mentioned. Before, we have metrics from 3 different modules, but if you notice on the top, we do have them for deviations that really drive the whole process of your deviations with metrics that are relevant to them. The same with catapulting. Kappas, Audits, and all others. Now, one thing that i like to highlight as part of one of the functionalities of our reports is the behind the scenes data that's being used to populate these metrics is available to you in a report. Format. So, if you notice, each one of these charts has a link that allows you to view a report. In that particular widget that I just clicked, on, said that I had 25 total overdue. Kappas. By clicking on the link of the report, this is breaking it up into locations. This is configurable by you. It can be by departments or however you'd like. And then down here, it also has the breakdown of all those Kappas that are currently overdue. Who are the owners, the title, description, when they were created and their target due dates. One thing that I like about I do is our reports is that you have the ability to go directly to any of these CAPA records to get additional details without having to copy and paste your CAPA number and putting it in a search field. It quickly takes you to those records from here, making it very easy for the users to access additional details.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And lastly, we have the subscription. So. If you create any dashboards, data or reports and you want the system to update them regularly and send them out on the frequency of your choosing, you can set up the frequency, identify who needs to receive these reports or dashboards, and the system takes care of sending them out automatically. The information will be all within the system itself, within the email.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Itself. They don't have to come into the system to see the information unless they're they going to be want able to see the information. To, which at that point, they'll click on the link provided in the email that will take them to the system and based on their permissions, they'll be able to do further analysis. So I'm going to pause here real quick just to get some feedback and see if there are any questions regarding the dashboards and reports.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Okay. No, it's good to go.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Perfect. So, with when that being said, let's navigate over to our control documents list.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: So I had one question on the dashboard. You can drill down to the lowest level of detail. If you were up to 10 from an overview. Can you go down to the data each records?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: You mean drill down into the data?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yeah, from so I'm looking at the outcome, specification or things like that. Right? And then I want to go down and say that, okay, which are the overdue requests, things like that. Let me look at it from a data perspective.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yeah, of course. So maybe you missed it, but see here how you have overdue. Kappas. You can actually go to the drill down, which is that report. That's now giving you all the details on the overdue Kappas. So over here. It shows you by location. Again, this is just an example. You can have it by by department or however granular you want it to go. And then down here, it gives you the list of all those kappas that are overdue with a link that allows you to go directly into them. Is that what you were asking, Speaker 231?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So let's navigate over to the control documents. You'll notice that across all of our list views, you'll have the ability to to organize the records however, you'd like. In this example, I have my recently view records, because these are the ones that I use when I'm doing demonstrations. But if I only want to take a look at SOPs and procedures, as an example, I can create a view that shows me all the documents around those categories. I also have the option to maybe navigate over to all of my audit criteria. Checklists. These are the checklists that I'm going to be creating and using to perform.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: My audits. So again, this is very configurable by the user based on how they want to organize their records. List. Now, in our control documents, you will have, as you can see, the ability to create all sorts of different document. Types. You can create your regular documents for SOPs, procedures, and so forth. You can also create your audit criterias. And you have the option to also create templates. And we'll talk about that in just a second. So, as you can see here, on the left hand side, the document number has right after in brackets.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: The revision. So you'll be able to see which revision the document that you're looking at currently is, your title, if you've used a template to actually create this, document, your category, departments, and who's owning the record. That particular document. On the right hand side, you have your document status. The document status is going to allow you to see any documents that are currently being drafted or worked on, as well as any documents that are in obsolete or any other status. So, let's go ahead and take a look at a document that's currently in draft mode.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So, if you notice on this record, record, this record is utilizing a template. Okay. So we'll talk about that template in just a second. The workflow for your documents is initially you're going to be drafting your documents. Then you submit it for approval. Once it's approved, it goes into that approved stage. From there, if there's training requirements and a specific amount of days for training, then your document will turn into that pre release phase. And then once that pre release phase ends, it comes over to current. Of course if there's an expiration date you will have prior to that expiration date, the pre expire state and or status.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And then if it's an older version or a document that's no longer in use, you will see the obsolete option. Notice on the right hand side I have Next Best Actions and Open Activities. This is going to guide the users as to what the next step is and what they need to do. In this case, the task to submit the document for approval is assigned to me. Therefore, you can see that this is highlighted for me to be able to submit it for approvals. That only happens after I have defined my approvers, which I've already done. That's why you see that checkmark. Now, when you're initially creating a document, you have the opportunity option to upload your document, document, the details of your document, your trainings, workflows, and submit them. For approval. Or you have the option to select a template. Now, what is the template going to do? The template is going to bypass the need of you having to select what type of approval this document needs to go through, as well as what training requirements are needed. So in this case, this simple SOP template already has a default approval matrix. That's going to determine what type of approval this document needs to go.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Through. It also establishes the training requirements. So if I am creating an SOP using this template, these are the different trainings that are going to be required. Once the document gets approved. And then lastly, you're going to provide them with the a template on how to create that document. So once you have selected, right? Your template as you can see your approval matrix is already there. Your training is already there and you have your template already showing. Now remember we talked about, we don't have a document writer, but we do have this online collaboration.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Tool. This one is linked to Office 365. 365. What happens is I'm going to go ahead and check out my document or edit it and this is going to send the document over to that collaboration tool. At this point you can make your edits, continue, drafting your document or share it internally to draft it with others. So have that collaboration to draft that document.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Now, once those changes are completed, you're going to check that document back in. And now all those changes will automatically show. This is going to allow you to just simply, with a couple of clicks, draft. Your document, make any changes and then bring those changes automatically without you having to save it to your desktop, re upload it and go through that whole process. As you can see, the document is open. Now, in my Office, 365. I'm going to make some quick changes to my template, just to kind of show you what that would look like. I'm going to go ahead and highlight these top rows here as an example. I'm going to go ahead and close that out and I'm going to check in my document.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Again. While I'm checking in my document, I have the option to remove it from the file because I'm using Office 365. It will allow me to remove it or keep it as I want. I can type in my comment. And then as I type in my password to check back my document as the owner, it will bring in all those changes. Changes. So now you'll see how the document, once it gets checked. In, has all these changes that I made, which was basically highlighting them, highlighting the first couple of rows in yellow. So I'm gonna refresh my screen here real quick and I'm gonna click on view.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Document. This is gonna generate my preview and you'll be able to see what I just did. While that's loading, are there any comments on this process? Oops, there we go.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So now you can see,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Right? Do we have a distribution, means distribution tracking also in this?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yes, we do. Do. As a matter of fact, I'll show you that in just a moment. As part of the references, you have the distribution tracking where you can actually track that information.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: And reconciliation of that distribution? Suppose after revision. The document is obsoleted, then can we have a reconciliation in the software?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: If the document is obsolete, they won't have access to the document. Anymore. This is for information purposes.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Only. So this is not going to trigger anything. You're just basically identifying where it has been distributed, but nothing else. Does that make sense? Yeah. Perfect. Okay. So I wanted to kind of show you, right, that process as part of a draft document and how you can use the template. If we We come over here to the workflow. Can see that the approval for this particular document only has one step. It's going to be assigned to Speaker 209. So once I submit this for approval, Speaker 209 will get an email notification and he's going to have 3 days to complete the approval of this document based on that approval matrix. With that being said, you can have different types of approval matrices depending on the type of document and the requirements for approval. So, if you have multiple steps, step, multiple individuals that need to approve that document before it becomes current, you'll be able to do so without a problem. Now, let's go ahead and take a look at a document that is in If it.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Current. Is
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Rejected at the approval stage, suppose, that document is rejected. At the approval, stage, then system allows [COUNTRY] to upload the same version again?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yeah, so that's a good question. So. If you do have a rejection on the approval, the rejection will show, of course, what needs to be redone or modified in order for you to resubmit it for approval. And once you make those changes, you resubmit it for approval, and that whole audit trail would be listed in here in your approval history. So as you can see, this one actually got submitted and was approved. If it would have been rejected, you would have seen a line item showing you the rejection. And also the reason why and when it was resubmitted. And if it was approved at that time. So that whole.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Approval So you mean to history, say, will that be here. For same version? We have a complete audit trial? What else. Have we done with that particular document? Maybe it's rejection, maybe it's approval.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Correct. So you can have a recall on your approval because you missed something and you want to recall the approval process. Losses, you might have a rejection or a of course, an approval. All of that will be part of the approval history.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Suppose that we have one scenario that we have approved one document, but due to some urgency, we want to immediately revise that document and we want to hold it for effective. Is it provision is there?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: The last part about holding. It, what exactly do you mean by holding it?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Suppose that we prepared one document, say for an SOP 001, and it is approved, and it going to be effective by tomorrow or day after tomorrow.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Okay. And.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Then we come to know, no, we cannot make it effective, and we have to revise this SOP. Then how will we deal with that scenario?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So there's multiple ways of doing that. So you have the option, if you have admin rights, You will have the ability to make an admin change if needed without having to go through the approval process. If you're not an administrator, then you would have to go through an additional review. So, you would have to go ahead and review the document, again, make any changes and submit it for approval again.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: We see these all administrative changes in the audit trail? Trail, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yes, everything would be showing in the audit. Trail. You also have as part of the history of the document between revisions. So any revisions that you have. This one, we're looking at version two, but it had a prior version one. So if I come over here to compare, you can also compare with prior versions to see how the document has changed. So, as you can see, here, this is highlighting, right, that all all the changes from your previous version, which is now obsolete versus the current. If I expand. This here, it also shows me all my differences. So it highlights every time that something was removed, added or edited.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: So that's So all also part of these, your document. We can get in auditory, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yes, correct. So you will have all this.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: System will generate a revision history. By itself or we have to create
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: No, so the system will create that approval history by itself, based on the approval matrix that you selected. So, you're going to create the approval matrix, which is the approval process that the document needs to go through. And as the approvals are being done, rejected or recalled, all that history will be showing down here with the comments and those statuses. Statuses.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Okay. By comparing both the documents, we can create manually that provision history?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Correct.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Each document, each version of that document is going to have its own approval process, right? So you can decide that for another version, you need an additional approval. That's something that you would be able to add as another approval. If needed. So. This is also configurable configurable. If on last minute, you need to add someone or remove someone. If you have the proper permissions, you would be able to do that as well. Now,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: As part of... Okay, for approval also, we can change at last moment, right? It means we want to change an approval person at the last moment that we can change.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yes, you definitely can. You just need to have the proper permissions. Not everyone is going to be able to do that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Yes, yes, of course.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: Question over it. Sure. All the obsolete versions will be available in the history?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yes. Okay. In the references, here, in the history, sorry, yes. All the different revisions will be listed in here. And. You have the option here to click on this dropdown. In this case, I only have one other previous version of this, or revision of this document. But you would be able to pick and choose if you actually want to compare the current version with any prior revision.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Okay. All right. So as we scroll down. Here, we have another section that I want to focus on, and that is the change and the review and training policy. So as part of your document. Remember that I talked about that pre release stage of the document. If you decide that you want a specific time frame for your employees to complete training before the document becomes current, you can establish that as part of the training policy.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And that's the period of time that the document would be in pre release. Now, I also mentioned that you have the ability to request an assessment to be completed as part of the training. So, in this case, we do have a revision assessment tied in to this particular document. The reason why it's in revision is because this is the second revision of that document. If it was the initial revision, you would have an initial assessment. If you've decided that this needs to be retrained, then you would have it as a refresher training. The assessments can be created, will be created in the system. So either by you or AI, as I mentioned.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Before, these are the details of your assessment how many questions to ask, what is the passing percentage, if you're allowing retakes, how many days and so forth. And then under the related, you will see all the different questions that were created, the options for answers, and then what other documents are actually using this assessment as part of their training requirement.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: So number of days for complete. The training is a mandate kind of thing?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: No, it's not mandatory, it's optional.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: It's optional, right? Yes. Suppose that we fixed some 90 days and we could not complete within 90 days, so we can extend it,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Right? Sure, if you'd like.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Now, review interval. So how many days need to pass before I go ahead and review this document? So the owner of the document document will get an email notification prior to that review in order for to let them know that they need to go ahead and review the document. So they can go through that process. In here, for instance, you have the change section. If you've made a change that's major or minor and you just came into the document directly and that change was part of your regular review.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: You can document it here. And add your changes in this section. Now, if the change went through a proper change order process, you'll see how the change order gets linked. So that you know that this change was actually generated as part of a change. Order. So. Let's go ahead and before we navigate over to the change, let's take a look at the training tab. Here. Here. When we were in the initial stage of draft, you could see the required job functions for training. Now that the document has gone through the training process. As in current state, you can see all the employees.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: That were assigned this training. You can also see their sign off time, what was the level of competency, and if they had a specific trainer, that required signature, you will see the that training. In here. This is just one way to see the completion of the trainings based on this particular document. Of course, training, you can see metrics on trainings as far as how many employees have already been trained. If you want to go to the employee's personnel file to see everything that they've been assigned, that is still pending, that they've completed, and I'll show you that in a little bit.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: But before we actually go into that, let's actually take a look at the change that pushed this change to this document.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: I have one question over there. If we don't want to change, I mean, suppose once we prepare the SOP and its periodic review is 2 years. After 2 years. We saw that our SOP is up to date, we don't want to change anything. Anything, then how we can handle in this?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So you'll submit it for approval with a note saying that no changes are required and the person responsible for approving the document will approve it. And that will stay in the current version. So there's no need to do anything else.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: But for that. We have to upload again, that copy in the software or same?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: No, you wouldn't have to upload anything because you're not making any changes, right? So you would just leave the document as is, you review it, you leave it as is, and you just submit it for approval, letting them know that nothing has changed, that the document is going to stay the
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Same for the next. So any, any kind of stamp will be there in this document that it is extended or review, revalidated, kind of thing?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yeah, you will have it as part of the history of the document. It's just not going to a new revision.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Okay, history. Okay.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: Hmm. Will there.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 034: Any change in the version? Sorry. That?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Won't change the version if you didn't make any changes in the document.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: And the dates will automatically be available on the new current version.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Say that again. I'm sorry. I missed the first part.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: Since the same document we are extending for the next period.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yes, correct.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: We are going through the approval process. So the correct approval timings will automatically be changed?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yes, correct. Exactly. Based on the timeframe that you selected, if you want to change it, you would be able to change it at that. Time. But yes, it would automatically stay with whatever time period was there before.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Okay.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: All right. So let's take a look at the change. Order. A change order can be initiated through a change request, which at that point you suggest that a change needs to be made and it either gets approved or denied. If it gets approved, then it automatically creates the change order or you have the option to just directly create that change order and go through the process. Let's quickly go through the workflow. Work. It starts off as a draft, so that's the initial information that we're capturing. Then it goes into a triage. That triage phase can be sent over to the individual responsible to move this change through the process or to a specific team that is responsible for working.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: The different change orders. As part of the triage, you're going to have the ability to decide decide what's going to be. What type of process your change order needs to go through. Is it required to have an impact assessment? Do you require, as an example, any type of approvals for the impact assessment? What type of approval.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Matrix? Is there a plan approval required? So all these different things are part of the workflow. You can streamline how your change orders are processed using the workflow or you can pick and choose the process on a one to one basis depending on what's needed. Now, after the triage is done, then you will have the impact assessment. If needed. After that, you'll go through a planning phase to actually plan everything that needs to be done as part of this change. Once, the plan gets approved, if it's required, then it goes into the implementation, now, we're going to go ahead and implement those changes.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: We're going to work on updating those documents as an example. Once that's done. Then it gets completed all the way until it gets released and closed. Now here you can see as part of the details. You have your change model. The change model is going to determine what type of impact assessment you need to perform.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: If there's one required. Then down here, you also have that summary of the policies that I just went through. One thing. To note is this extra policy here that says change order approves documents. If you have a change order that requires multiple documents to be either created or updated and you want to use the approval of the change order as part of the approval of those documents, you would have to have this checked and that doesn't require require the same. You now to individually approve the documents. The change order.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Approval will be the one approving those documents. Again, that's optional. You can still go through the approval process of the documents individually and then come and do the final approval of your change order.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: No, but clarity required on this. You mean to say that if we have an SOP and we have 10 annexures of that, It will work for that. Or no? We have 10 SOPs in the flow and we can, working on the same approval flow means one reviewer, one approval or that it will work.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yes, sir. Either way, whatever you choose.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Okay. In both the ways it will work.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yes, correct. Both ways it would work.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: You're welcome. So similar to the training assessments assessment, that we were talking about.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Before, any type of impact assessments will be created in the solution. In here, for instance, you can see that the process of this particular impact assessment only had one step. Once it was assigned, then you can see here the completed impact assessment. This is actually going to show you all the questions that were asked as part of that process, their responses and any any comments. If you would have had an approval required, you would actually have the approvals showing in here as well. And. Then once you've identified that this is a go, then now that will go into the next step, which would be the planning phase. Because. This is a completed change. Order, that planning phase is not visible, but we're going to go ahead and navigate over to the implementation. So. Let's pretend that I went through the planning.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Phase. It actually went through the approval phase and it moved into the implementation. Now. From here you can actually see the 2 documents that needed to be updated as part of this change. You can see here that the document had a previous version.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And now it has that new version who actually worked on updating these documents. The due date, the status, and the status. When they actually completed each update. So from here, back to what I originally said, how our system is fully integrated. Not only do we have, for instance, the ability to see the change order tied into the document, but from the change order, you can also access the documents as well. So, at all times.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: You'll be able able to to reference any records associated to the existing one that you're looking at. Another thing that you'll also be able to see is under the references.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Any other record that's related to this change order would be linked in here. So you can see, for instance, that we have 3 Kappas that are also being referenced. Here. So this change order is addressing the issues on these 3 Kappas. Kappas. The history is just your audit trail of the approval, dates, comments, and then lastly, you have your workflow with your policies, the approval matrix that was selected, and then down here, you can actually see your approval history log of when the change impact assessment was performed, the approval for the plan, the implementation, and the final change.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Questions on the change? Order? Any comments?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So with that, let's go ahead and take one quick look at some of the training metrics that I want to show you. This is going to be the last thing that I'm going to cover on training. So I'm going to duplicate my screen.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: Yeah, go I have a question ahead. On DMS. Okay. How, are you preventing misuses of documents from DMS through copy or control or print?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: Print and copy control, yeah.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: To prevent a user from printing the document itself?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: If it is even if it is allowed, how many, much? I mean, whatever number of prints are allowed, so many prints should be, I, mean, executed, point number, one. Point number two, if any document is downloaded in a local repository, it should not be allowed to take any print. So how can we protect?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: This?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: I believe this is a feature that can be controlled by permissions, but you will not be able to pick and choose which document gets printed registered. Versus which document doesn't. It's either you allow a user to print the documents or that feature is disabled for them.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 196: Can we do.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: Some sort of maker checker? Can we do some maker checker kind of thing? Somebody initiating a request and somebody is approving it, then only print is, I mean, print option is allowed.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 196: Ahead, Speaker 196. Yeah, so let me just add something. One of the things is that we're coming out with our next major release in the summer, and basically in August, so just a few months from now. And this is going to have far more controls on the capability to print or download. That means there'll be permissions specifically for the user if they can print or if they can download the document. That's going to help you with a lot more control as far as access to the information and copies for distribution. In addition to that, when you are looking at doing printing, you can have watermarks associated with it, which basically within those watermarks, it can say that this is only, this is a printed version, only effective for for this date. Date. So there are other ways that you can do that within the system as well. But we are going to be providing far more control over the print and download for the user for a document.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Awesome. Thank you for that, Speaker 196. Yeah, so the timestamp of when you print it out and how long the version of that printout is valid for, that's already available. Today. Speaker 196 mentioned, the additional printing details or permissions, it's coming up. Did someone else had a question?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 034: Yeah, I was asking the same question. Like in general, whenever you are creating the master. SOP, that should not be allowed by the other department. Person who have a view option. They should not have the options to print it, out. That is what is the question. There should be some controls on that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yeah remember when you're drafting a document and you're actually working on that document itself, it's still not a current document. So at that point you can control that. People don't see documents that are in draft so that they don't have any access to that draft version at all. They're going to have only access to the version that's actually current.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 034: Correct. That is after the approval of the version. Approval, Exactly. After approval also people should not have
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: The options to print it out.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Okay. And as I said, that's something that can be controlled with permission. So, you can exclude the permissions from people printing out the documents.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 034: Yeah. Only quality, control, quality assurance departments would have the authorizations to allow the persons to print it or Radiate. Radiating it.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Whatever. Yep, that can be controlled with permissions.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So the next topic that I wanted to talk about regarding the training was pretty much giving you a quick overview of what the dashboard would look like. Again, this is configurable by you, but you can see how many employees have outstanding, training, your training statuses, and so forth. If I actually come over here to the job functions, this is how you would create the requirements for your job.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Functions. So I'm going to show you, right, that you have no limit as to how many job functions you have. And. Then once you create your job functions, now you can assign those job functions to your documents. You can assign them to the requirements of your employees. So Thank you. In this job function. You can see these are all the employees that actually have this job function assigned to them.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And down here you can see all the requirements. The requirements are basically going to allow you to select the document that needs to be trained that this employee needs to be trained, on, the level of competency, if you want to have steps for your trainings because you have have a beginners and an advanced type of training and you want them to take it in order. If you want to allow them to skip the revision of a training, the training of a revision, this is how you link your assessments to that training. And then if you require a refresher every quarter or every 6 months, you can have the option to require that refresher. Determine if you want an assessment to be completed, and also what is the level of competency for that refresher training. So. This is another way to assign training. I showed you initially.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: If you are creating a training, I mean a document, how you would link those training requirements, but from the job function, if you already have all your documents uploaded and you want to create job functions with the specific Training requirements, you can do. So as well. And lastly, let's take a look at an employee profile. From here.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: You'll be able to quickly see the performance of trainings for that particular employee. So this is a brief information on the employee. The training requirements is where you assign the different job functions. That employee is a part of and then And then the training execution will show you your pending, trainings, everything that's completed, your approvals that require a trainer to do the final sign off. Those are the ones that are required to exhibit. Competency. If you want to give them credit for any external trainings that they've taken, you can document those in here. And. Then lastly, you have the assessments that they've taken with their passing criteria. So. All of this information is quickly available.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Available in reports. So if you get audited and you need to provide a report of the trainings that an employee has completed, as an example, you'll be able to quickly access that just simply by selecting these training reports.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So that will complete the demonstration of the document management training and change. Before we move over to deviations, are there any any other questions?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So, before we get into the deviations, one thing that I want to highlight, and I'm not going to take long in the lab issues, But I do want to mention that. We do have a way to perform provide lab investigations and those will link to a non conformance. So if you notice in here, you can see your lab issue, the title, the type of issues. So we can start off as an invalid.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Assay, and then get escalated over to your out of specs or out of trends. Charge. The stage, your status, the discovery date, and then lastly, you have the non conformance. So. If there was a need to escalate this lab issue to a non conformance, you will have the option to escalate it to an NC. So just real quick here, I'll take you through this one.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So you can take a quick look at the workflow. So this one is on out of spec. It actually had started off as a draft. Then it went through that lab investigation. And. Now it's going through that full scale investigation. So in here. You have all the different details, the team members that are a part of this investigation. The checklist is something that you will be able to also create. If there's something new that needs to be added, you always always have to be able to create have a new checklist. The option to add that in here. Then you have your Phase 1 for your test?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Plans. And if there's a need for a supervisor review, you would see that conclusion listed in here. And then from the QA conclusion side of things, you can track your impact assessment, results, investigation conclusions and others. As part of the phase. Two, you're going to have that product reviewed and then your test plan and the same, if you have any assignable causes, these can be created and assigned to a specific individual. And. Then lastly, you have your risk assessment and the final conclusion.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Any additional actions can be tracked in here. These can be assigned to different individuals with their due dates for tracking purposes under the references. You will have in the event that there are other related non deviations or any deviations or non conformances that they have been escalated to. You will be able to see it. So, as you can see, this one has actually been escalated to a non conformance or deviation. So you'll have the link to access it directly from here. Of course your history is just that audit trail.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And lastly, the workflow that actually shows what's required as part of that process. So I just wanted to quickly take you through the laboratory issues so that you had an idea and you knew that this was available in here and that it has the option to be escalated to a deviation or non conformance. With that being said, let's navigate over to our deviations. Again, I'm going to take you're first to one that is in draft.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So we can talk about other features that we have available as part of our AI functionality. So in here, for instance, you can see that this deviation is currently in draft. I have my next best actions showing me that Naz is the one that needs to submit it for triage. She's still gathering details on this particular deviation. But if I expand.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: My ABC Corp AI, you can see that in here is actually giving me recommendations and similar records. This information is pulling your own data, so is using the data from your org. This is not going to outside sources to provide you with recommendations. And the same applies with your data. That your data is not being used. Used. Outside of your environment for trending purposes with other customers or anyone else. This is exclusive to you and your organization.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And the data that you enter in the system. These recommendations are going to be populating. As the AI learns from the inputs that you have added in. The system. It also gives you a percentage of recommendation and a percentage percentage of similarity to give you an idea how close it is to the current report or how it doesn't relate. You have the option to actually select to use the recommendations. In this case, we're only recommending the priority, but you can recommend, for instance, failure codes, suggested investigation levels. You decide what type of recommendations you want AI to provide you
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: You. With. And. Then down here you have the similar records. You have the option to navigate directly to that record from here to do further analysis, or if you find that something is reoccurring, right? Let's say for instance, this has a high similarity percentage and you notice that this is a reoccurring issue. Issue. You can turn this to be a reoccurring issue. At that? Point, if you like.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: You can escalate it to a CAPA. Which means you can handle multiple Nonconformance that are related with one CAPA, rather than having to go through the investigation process for each individual. Deviation. Again, that is all optional, you do have the option to decide how you want that process to be. Now, let's go ahead and take a look at a deviation that has already been completed so that we can take a look at that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Okay, so in this case, we have this deviation that has already been completed. As you can see here, this shows you your impacted parts and lots. This can be an integration with your ERP. System. System. You also have the defects and failures identified as far well as your ownership. And then your final closure resolutions. Under the containment and immediate actions, this can be part of your workflow where it's required. In this case, it was required and it was completed based on the timeline. It wassigned to an individual.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So you can create as many immediate actions or containments as required. And from here, you can actually see that the investigation was not performed. There wasn't a disposition or any actions. As in the details, you can see that the suggested investigation was a Kappa investigation. With that being said, that does not mean that you need to escalate a deviation to a Kappa in order to perform the investigation. You can still perform that investigation in the non conflict, DV, deviation or non conformance itself as well. This example.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Just suggested a Kappa investigation. So if I come over here to the references, you will see that this is the Kappa that it was actually linked to.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And over here we're bringing in the details from the deviation. And it also has of course, all the additional details that you want to capture as part of that CAPA. Process. Any recommended actions, if it's linked to a process or product, you have the ability to do that. It shows you what was the NC or deviation that was linked to it. There is a section here for you to identify the risk using the severity and probability. And then finally, once this gets closed, you will see your resolutions and comments.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Comments. Here. As part of the CAPA, you also have your containment and immediate actions. And then we navigate over to the investigation. In the investigation, you can require, for instance, approval, require a specific corrective or preventative action to be created. That's all part of your workflow policy, which can be streamlined or you have the ability to just simply
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Decide on on a one to one basis. We have the 5W2H problem solving that's optional for you to document as part of your investigation. Your investigation. Summary. As part of the investigation summary, we also have AI built into it. Of course, due to time, we won't go through the process of how the system will actually perform the investigation summary for you. But as you're going through the process, process, you will have the option to have AI summarize your investigation. And then from there, you can tweak it, you can by making changes, or you can just leave it as is in order for you to have your final summary done. So you will have, again, that's another AI feature that you can benefit from. Investigation, Tools. You can list all the different methods methods. Used as part of your investigation. So, if you did a visual inspection, if there was any other type of investigations done as part of the process, you can note it in here. We do have as out of the box.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: The 5 Y analysis. I believe in the next release or by the end of the year, we're also going to have the Fishbone approach as part of the out of the box. But right now it's is the 5 why that allows you to identify your problem and then branch out into the different whys.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: All the way until you reach your root cause. And, if you want to create action plans to correct and prevent that from happening, you can do it from here as well. There's no limits as to how many whys, how many root causes, or no minimums. This is going to depend on the investigation that you are performing. Pursuing. Once the 5 Y analysis is completed, you'll have that summary of root causes and action plans in here. The CAPA will also have the option to verify those plans and set up days to monitor the effectiveness. So you can have an effective review so that after 30 days or after 90 days, you can come back and see if the plan the has been effective. And. If it hasn't, then add any additional actions that might be needed.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: As part of the implementation of that investigation, you will see and hear any actions that came out. The effectiveness policy, if it's required, in this case, we required one of them to be 30 days and it's showing that it is effective while the other one is still pending. And you can see see that the review is pending and who is it waiting? On. So again, you have your team members, but you can also see when something is not assigned to yourself where it actually shows the person that's responsible for that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Under the references, again, any records that are related to this Kappa. So these are 2 non conformances or deviations that are referenced as part of this Kappa as well as this Change Control. Under the History you will see the Responses, so that's basically the Approvals for your Implementation and your Investigation, as well as your Audit Trail for the History of the Record. And lastly, the Workflow. So in the Workflow, you'll see everything that was required. And then down here you will have have the Workflow the approval process that was selected and who was responsible to do what.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Are there any comments, any questions on the deviations and the CAPA process?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Remember you guys are muted.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: Muted. For investigation, what are standard tools are supported by application? Like Fishbone, YY,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Any other?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So you have the option to select however many investigation tools you want. As out of the box, right? Now, we have the 5Y. In summer 26, we are going to have that Fishbone option. And based on what Speaker 196 just put in here, she's also mentioning. There's going to be a diagram editor to create your own models. So you're going to have the ability to create your own investigation tool.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Okay.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: All, right. So as part of today's demonstration, demonstration, the next thing that I have here is to go over audits. So I'm going to navigate over to the audits. There's 2 ways of creating audits in the system. You can set up an audit program to schedule your audits for the year, or you can create an IHOP audit at any time. And then the other thing that you are going to do is to do with the audit. Program. Let's start off with the audit.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Program. I'm going to take you to this one that is currently in in open or I should say draft. Give me one second. This one. The one that's in draft. So this one that's in draft, the reason why I'm bringing you here is so that you can see the scheduler. You're going to enter in what is the different details of that audit plan. Plan. The scope is going to be how many checklists you're going to be using as part of this audit plan or audit program. In this case, I only selected one, but you can have all different types of checklists that are part.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Of your audit schedule set up in here so that you can select them for the appropriate audit at that time. Then when we come over here, you get to the audits. So from here is where you're going to actually create that scheduling. You can create internal audits, customer audits or supplier. Audits. I set up an audit for internal purposes. And when I come over here to the planning phase I actually have it opened already. It comes up to this scheduler. From here you can identify the audit category, who's your contact, who's your lead, auditor, your division, also the department or process of it applies
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And then from here, you're going to select when those audits need to be performed. And also what check checklist you're going to use. All of these fields are drop downs. So you're going to be able to select all the different types just pick from any of the types of audit categories that you have available. Same thing for your contacts, your auditors. And so forth. When it comes to the checklist, once you select your checklist, it will show here as you can see in the previous examples. This will show you all all the different checklists that you have selected as part of the scope. So once this is set up, it will go through an approval process.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And at that point, it will then be an open in progress. Audit program. So I'm going to take you back to one that's actually already gone through the approval and now is in progress. If I come over here to the audits, now you can see see how all these different statuses and stages have changed. In this example, we have some that are still in draft, in planning, phase, others that are in execution, others that are in the reporting phase, and so forth, as well as closed. Let's take a quick look at one that is currently in execution, so you can see what that looks like. In this particular audit.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: We're using this audit criteria. Document. I'm going to click on the audit criteria document real quick. So you can see the difference. This is actually created in our control document module, but rather than having a document, what you actually have is a list of all those requirements. So you can break up your criteria requirements into standards, sections, topics, the different objectives, and what are the requirements. Result types that are going to be available for your auditor. Once? This is created, you can reuse these checklists as many times as you'd like. So we're using this checklist, that I mentioned.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Before. If I actually come over here and I go to the Rapid Audit. Just to kind of show you what that looks like from an auditor's perspective when they're performing the audit, and you're gonna be able to see their checklist from the results results, they will be able to select the answer. They can also document their rationale. If we navigate over to the left hand side, you can actually see that if I expand this, it allows me to create. My findings. And I also have the option to attach any pictures or documents associated to this particular question. Now, in this case, I'm in a laptop, so it's only giving me the option to upload a new file or picture. If I was in a mobile device, the system will automatically open up, also my camera.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So that I could take a Speaker 039 or I could take a picture and link it to my audit. So that's the benefit of actually using a mobile device. We also have the offline feature for the mobile device. So, if you are performing in audit all and there's no signal, network signal or internet signal and you need to perform your audit, you can prepare and download your audit and you can perform your audit without the need of having internet access.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And once you actually come back to a stable connection, you can sync in the information into the cloud. As you're performing, your audit, at the bottom here, here, any objective evidences or any findings will be showing here. And then at that point, you will move into the next step, which will be the reporting phase. Any questions on this step before I take you through an audit that has been completed already so that we can actually see the report and we can see other areas like the findings and so forth.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: And we trigger the Kappa from audit a model. If some NC is there?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So you do have the option to escalate a finding into a non a Kappa. If you'd like. You have the option to do that. So. That's again, another link that you would have available.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Right, so let's go ahead and let's go back to my audit. Program. I'm going to go back to my audit. And select one that's already been closed. So we can go through the whole process. So again, the audit goes from that planning phase to being an execution to the reporting, your responses to those findings, implement anything that needs to be done on those findings, all the way until it gets closed. So I already showed you from an auditor's perspective, what the checklist would look like. Now that the audit has been completed, you can see the responses to your questions and all the questions that were asked under the audit.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Checklist. You also have a section for findings. So all the findings that came out of that audit will be showing in here. Right now we have 4 different finding types, opportunity for improvement, minor, major, and critical. You have the option to work your findings on a one to one basis based on what's required, whether it's an escalation to a CAPA or performing an investigation in the finding itself. You have the option to decide that, or you can predefine the workflow by requiring, let's say, for instance, for any critical or major findings for a CAPA to be created. So those things can be streamlined as part of the workflows workflow or you can work them on a one to one basis based on what you need. In here, for instance, if we take a look at this opportunity for improvement, we have the opportunity for improvement identified, but there's really no containment, there's no investigation or actions, we're just documenting the opportunity for improvement. With that being said, we could have added an action if there was were a need to, but in this case there wasn't. Now, if we take a look at any of these additional ones, like the critical or the major one, you'll notice that this critical one required a Kappa to be actually created, so the linkage to the Kappa, it's automatically there. Now notice that the workflow for the findings is very similar to what you've seen as part of the deviation de as well as the Kappa where you can establish any containment, you can perform investigations, you can create any actions. The references is actually going to link any other findings, actions or related kappas. And you also.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Have your history and your workflow as part of the finding itself.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So, again, this is totally totally up to you how you want to manage your findings. As part of the process. Now, we talked about the reports. So, if you notice on the right hand side, we have one audit report showing here. This is the out of the box report that will allow you to capture the details of your audit. You can document your summaries, and then it pulls in the finding. Information. Have the ability to modify these reports, create your own, or have different versions of your audit reports depending on who needs.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: What information. So keep in mind, this is all configurable by you. If you actually want a report that has a header and a footer with your logo, you have the option to do that, different information, and as I said, different reports depending on who needs to receive that information. That's all part of the functionality. Your responses are going to show if you required your findings to be approved, you would see those responses in here, any additional actions, and then the references in this case is showing you any objective evidence that were captured as part of your audit, process. Your history, your audit trail, and then your workflow, which is basically your policy and the approval of who can can do what.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Now, with that being said, there's 2 things that I want to mention. We talked about the creation of an audit program to schedule your audits throughout the year. Also, the option to create an ad hoc audit without having to be tied into an audit program or schedule. You also have the option to create an audit that does not require a checklist to be answered. If you get a third third party auditor come to your facility and they hand you, let's say for instance, a list of findings that you need to work on, you can still create that audit and instead of selecting an audit criteria as part of your process, you just don't select that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And you just come over to the findings, upload those findings and work them as you would in any audit without the need of answering a specific checklist. Audit. So you do have that option as well. The checklist is not a requirement as part of the process. With that, I'm going to pause here real quick, see if there is any feedback any comments on the audits before we move into our next topic, which would be our supplier management.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: No, I think we are good. We can move to the next topic.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Excellent. So let's take a look at the supplier. Management. Here we can see, again, another example of your suppliers. Suppliers has a lot of functionality. You're going to be able to manage the performance of your suppliers while you're using them as part part of your of project. Your process. Process. Also, you'll have that onboarding process to determine whether they are a qualified supplier or not. This will give you some basic information on your suppliers, if you've had any deviations created against the supplier, if you want to see suppliers by industry based on the different statuses of your approvals. So all of this information is going to come from all all the different suppliers that you have.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Established. We also have a way to track the supplier. Performance. You can decide, right, what type of scoring structure you want to use in order to have the suppliers automatically create your scorecards or your scores and then see how they have progressed over time or how they're declining in service. Services. Over here, this will give you your supplier ratings. Analytics. This is basically showing you all the approved suppliers. You have. If you had inspections, which ones passed and failed.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Based on the last inspections that you did. Same thing with audit, scars that might have been created, which ones are open. And then the risk level based on the score. Scoring. Again, the scoring is something that you can determine based on what you want to use as part of that calculation. In this example, for instance, we're taking into consideration the deviation or non conformance, scoring, CAPAs, inspections and audits, and that's going to give you an overall score. You can also see how the score has changed over.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Time, any trends, and then if you have have a score, you multiple can see how the score has changed over time, any trends, and then if you have a score. Suppliers, see how they are each doing. Now let's take a look at the supplier record real quick. From here. You can actually see the details of that supplier, basic information of their website, of course, their address who are their different contacts. And if they're known by any aliases, you would see that in here. Now let's focus on the qualifications. And of course, we only have 15 minutes left. So this is going to be a high level overview of the supplier. Under the qualifications.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: You're going to have the ability to establish what is required in order for you to qualify or disqualify this supplier from doing business with you. In here, for instance, if we come over to the workflow, you can see that it shows the different steps. So this is basically obtaining records from the supplier.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And then lastly, the approval. You can have also an interaction with your suppliers using the portal. So, that means that you give them a user license as a supplier and you can request all of these different tasks and have them actually respond back to those tasks and provide you with those documents directly from the portal. So you don't have to be managing met. Anything through emails. This workflow is configurable by you. You have the ability to determine what type of process the qualification of the supplier needs to go.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Through. If it's a specific supplier that needs additional qualifications, you can determine if you need to add, right, another document request, if you want them to perform an audit, audit, if there's any additional tasks, or if there's a new approval, that needs to be a part of that qualification. Again, this only has the example of one qualification. You do have the option to add as many as needed. As you are interacting with your suppliers, you'll have all those interactions in here. You also have any deviations and escalations. If you have documents documents for instance, certifications, licenses, that need periodic updates, the system will do that for you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Automatically. So you'll be able to mark that as needs periodic update and it will send out an email notification using that expiration date to let them know that they need to provide you with an updated license or certificate or what have you. And then lastly, when we come over here to the quality, if you have any scars, any audits deviations opened against a supplier, you will be able to see that full performance of that supplier from within the quality tab here with a link to those records. So you can take a look at any details if you need to.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So again, this gives you a very good understanding and a visual of how our solution is fully in integrated, no matter where you are. Whether you are working with a supplier, whether you're working with a Kappa, a deviation, a document, you'll always have those references linked together so you don't have to be searching through the platform. Everything is there for you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So that gives you the overview of the suppliers, process. Process. Any comments or questions? I'm going to cover the whole management review and how you can take care of listing your different meetings and tracking the topics and the information that has been covered. If there are no other comments.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: Speaker 128, I.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Have one.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: Sure, go ahead. This solution is customizable a bit as per per our use and procedures?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Absolutely. Our solution is fully configurable. So, if there is additional fields that need to be added as part of the process, because that's information that you capture and we don't currently have, you can add them. If you want to exclude some of the fields because they don't make sense to your process, you can do that as well. Even. If you want to change the workflow, that's also all something that can be done. Our system is fully configurable.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: Like one example I wanted to quote. Here, that I wanted to add an agreement with the supplier. Maybe quality agreement or a general agreement with the supplier. So that should be added into it.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yeah, 100%. Definitely. You can add whatever is needed for the supplier. Supplier. And not just that the supplier record that can be done throughout the system. Yeah. In any of the modules.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: Okay. Thank
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: You. Speaker 191, I think you were speaking, but I cannot, I couldn't hear you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Oh, okay.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: All right. So let's.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: So, I have a question. As far as the subcar rating is concerned, I can't could observe this entire baseline data is coming from QMS. System deviations, kappas, and other relevant information. If you want to add some sort of information in order to calculate the overall comprehensive vendor rating based upon transactional events which are being captured in our ERB system, can we do that?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Absolutely. So we can have an integration that pulls in that information into into the report or we can you can create a report and then add that information on a needed basis. Yes, absolutely. You can definitely bring in metrics from the outside.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 196: Yeah, this is Speaker 196. Let me. Just add to that. We do have customers when they're looking at overall supplier performance that are doing the integrations with ERP in order to be able to bring some of the key SLAs, such as on time, delivery, and so forth into the overall supplier. Performance. Now the key thing is in the supplier.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 196: Performance this is going to be an extremely good capability for you because it doesn't just provide the ratings or the performance of the supplier, but it also shows you the predictions. That means you can take a look at the historical trends and patterns that are going on with the supplier and are our ABC Corp AI system that provides the AI analytics will provide any predictions as to possible impacts to the supplier so that you will have the opportunity to be able to do something associated with that in a much easier way. Yeah, and she's bringing up the performance dashboard.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yeah, so this is basically what we used use. Before. I. Just wanted to see if I had an example of one that had AI. This one doesn't have AI, but yeah, we definitely have AI built in throughout so you can utilize that as well for your reporting. And back to confirming what Speaker 196 just said and I said prior, you do have the option to bring in those details as part of your scoring, calculations. Calculations. Or any type of reporting that you'd like.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Do we have a consolidated list of suppliers with their approval dates, means when they are qualified?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. So from here, there's multiple ways of doing that. So from here, you can actually have your approval supplier list and show that in here. I actually have the last audit date. I don't have the date on when it was actually.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Or approved, but that's something you can bring in if that's part of your view.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: One more thing, suppose that after approval of one supplier, we block that supplier due to x,_y reason. How system. Again, work on that, if we want to again open that supplier?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yeah, so you'll notice that you do have the option to disqualify your supplier. So what that's that point, that supplier would be disqualified.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Okay. Then again, we have to bring into the system, then again, complete qualification. We have to perform?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: It's up to you. You wouldn't, it's not mandatory, but it's the best practice, right? To actually go through the qualification to then change that status to qualified again. Up to you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: But system don't have any restriction for that, right?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Not right now. If you want the system to actually have as out of the box, it doesn't have that restriction. If you want the restriction, there would be something that we can make happen as part of the workflow.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker: Thank you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: You're welcome. My pleasure.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: One more question on this. Can we do a temporary blockage of the supplier?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Can you do one? I'm sorry, I didn't understand the last part.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: One thing is that we block the supplier once and for all.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 196: Yeah, so there's a couple of different things that you can do with this. One is we do have customers that have an integration with ERP. So if there are a certain number of issues that are happening with that supplier, you can certainly put any through integration between our system and ERP, put any of those issues as a hold. So therefore, there are no more purchasing activities that would be associated with it. And there is a obsoleting of that them. Supplier as well. So that way no procurement activities would happen with that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: Supplier.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: Okay. Like the second example if we are not procuring anything from the supplier for say a longer duration, maybe 3 years or 4 years, so automatically this will go into the block, list, temporary block list, something like that and I was
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Asking. Asking. Asking. Yeah, that can be configured. That's not a problem.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 236: Okay.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Okay, so let's go ahead and finish with our management review. So as you can see here, you can schedule your meetings. Also see if these meetings have had any follow ups or initial meetings with your dates, who's owning them. And so forth. If I come over here. My meetings, you can actually see what was discussed, if there was your objective, your agenda, any minutes that came out of that review. You can reference records.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And as you can see, these are links. So this is what we call a rich text field. You will have these in your summaries, in your details. You also have have them in here as part of the minutes where you can reference other records, attach pictures as part of the body of the record. As well. Then you have your decisions. So what decisions were actually made and if there were any lessons learned, you're going to have a library of lessons learned that you can link to this meeting.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Or you have the option also to create a new one. If there were any notes or files that were added, you can attach them and you will see them in here as well. And. Then you have the option to add a dashboard. So. If you used any dashboard, you would be able to add a dashboard that was actually used as part of that meeting. And. Lastly, your actions. So what came out of that meeting as far as an action, who needs to complete that action.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So you can track it with your due dates. This would be a task for them that individual and you can see everything that came out of there as well as all the attendees. So all the attendees and what access they have. Can they edit this record or are they only able to read the information? So again, this is something that you will be able to utilize for your management review and if you need to schedule a new meeting, you can just go ahead and schedule it from here directly. Directly.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: With that I hope you have a good understanding of how our solution can help you manage your quality events as well as your suppliers. Any final questions or any other comments before I turn it back over to Jaraj?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Well, thank you. So much. I really appreciate. Appreciate it. Your time. And if there are any questions that come up after today's demonstration, feel free to let [COUNTRY] know and we'll be more than happy to answer them for you. Over to you, Speaker 110. Speaker 110 Rajanth,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Thank you, Speaker 128. Speaker 110. Rajanth, Thank you,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 191: Speaker 128. It's been a really wonderful. Session. We really appreciate it.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Thank you so much. My pleasure.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: Thanks, team. I would also like to thank the Customer 41 Customer 41 team for the Engage, session. And I love being [COUNTRY] to demonstrate. The solution. What Speaker 128 has demonstrated today is our out of the box solution. And this solution is fully configurable. For example, if you don't want a label on the screen or you want to add a field, remove a field, change the business process or the workflow, it is completely flexible because we are built on the [CRM_PLATFORM] platform and all those changes can be configured directly by your team yourself with training. So you don't need a separate team to do the configurations. It can be done by your own team. And the other thing is that the system is completely a closed loop.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 110: System, meaning when you have a deviation that leads into Kappa, Kappa can lead into a change, change can lead into a document, document, can lead into training and then close the loop back.

---
Client resource profile: Lean regulated implementation team.
Client project resource guidance: Customer appears to have a lean, part-time project team with constrained business availability. Assume one client project lead, one quality/validation owner, one IT/security contact, and 2-3 process SMEs who join workshops and reviews as needed. Client-side approvals and data verification may drive schedule risk if SME calendars are limited.
Use this context to tailor the Client Project Resources slide and related assumptions. Keep wording conservative, avoid named individuals, and adjust based on any stronger evidence elsewhere in the transcript.
---
