[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Speaker 060, Speaker 075 speaking. How are you? Good. How are you doing? Doing well. Speaker 060, first of all, I want to thank you for taking time out. Of, I'm sure,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: A busy schedule to be here with [COUNTRY] today. While we discuss your project and everything. Everything. I would like to go ahead and get things kicked off by doing just a quick introduction here to the rest of my team. So on the line with [COUNTRY] today is Speaker 084. She's one of our account executives here at ABC Corp. She's going to be your point of contact moving forward. Also with [COUNTRY] today is Speaker 128 Kitsman. She's one of our senior solution engineers and will be helping [COUNTRY] out with the DACE call as well. Team, this is Speaker 060 joining [COUNTRY] today from Customer 44 Materials. Materials. Speaker 084, I'll go ahead and hand things over to
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: You. Perfect. Thank you so much, Speaker 075. Speaker 060, it's a pleasure to meet you. How are you doing today? I'm doing great. Same here. Yeah, good, good. Where are you located? I am actually just east of Nashville, about 30 minutes, east of Nashville.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Oh, so nice. I know. I'm so jealous. I grew up in Memphis for a while and I'm a huge.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Tennessee Titans fan. So, Love it. Area. You're in. Yeah, they're building a new stadium downtown, right? Now. They are! I can't wait. You'll definitely see me down there. One day, Speaker 060, as soon as it's ready. Yes.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: So wonderful.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: Speaker 075 had a chance to share with [COUNTRY] a little bit about your project, and Speaker 128 and I just wanted to spend a few more minutes with you just to dig in a little bit more to the details, details, really make sure we had a great appreciation for some it's of your pain, points, what you're trying to solve, what you're looking for, and kind of just peel back the onion, just a little bit further and ensure ultimately for you that there's some really good alignment and
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: It makes sense for [COUNTRY] to continue dialogue. Together. Does that sound good for the next few minutes. Together? Sure. Okay. Fantastic. So, tell me, Speaker 060, I know we kind of got a little bit around that. You're
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: Exploring some new options here for a fit, but can you tell me about what you're looking maybe a little bit?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: About you and your role and why now? Why does it make sense now to have this dialogue together? Well, we started this new division within Customer 44 for fabrication and value add, basically. And we're looking for something that will help [COUNTRY] accomplish a lot of the functionality and things that need to happen. And you know, everything from customer complaints to corrective actions to PPAP submissions, all those kind of things. We're just looking for a better tool than we have now. And we're currently using. [ERP_SYSTEM]. It's a little older version of [ERP_SYSTEM] and the functionality is just not there to the point that we need it.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: So that's kind of what started this discussion. Started [COUNTRY] down this road. So. That's really what it is. We're just looking for a good software tool solution to automate as many functions as possible, which will help [COUNTRY] be more efficient and also put down on any unnecessary overhead from a human resource standpoint. Standpoint, things that can be accomplished via software. Yeah, absolutely. Those are great goals, right? Being able to automate, be more efficient, cutting down on overhead, all of
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: The things that are going to allow you to
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Be able to actually focus on quality, right, and make those proactive business decisions rather than being reactive.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Wonderful. Yeah, I mean, we're very supply, specific. Supplier centric. And. So that's a portion that our group wants to focus heavily on. We have some other groups within TISN. That very well could use a software as well. They might have, they'll, for instance, we don't really have equipment and things like that. Ours is supply based. But, there are facilities that do have equipment that have operators that deal with, calibration, preventive maintenance, training, those kind of things.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: That…and I'm including those folks in this…some of those folks in this analysis as well. But for our group, I'm really focused on the supply side, that interaction, and flow of information back and forth with suppliers and really customers too. Because if we get a customer complaint, then we have to basically translate that in over to the supplier. And then we have to coordinate all of that. That's what we're hoping that the software can accomplish.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: 50 miles back and forth to accomplish communication.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Exactly. So when you imagine something for your suppliers, are you imagining a portal or are you imagining something for scorecards? Tell me a little bit more about what you're looking for. Both. Ideally, yes, there would be some kind of portal for accessibility. Ideally, ideally, I'm speaking of the ideal.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Here onboarding where we could basically, part of the portal would be where they could get information, documentation, things that we need to, for instance, start applying they would have to read that and sign off on that. Those types of documents and other stuff into the system at first and then, as you know, they become suppliers through the audit process because we're going to do an audit to make sure that everything in place needs to be successful so we can work.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Interaction necessary for them to submit the things things that we need them to submit. And again, we're reviewing not doing the heavy lifting and the legwork, you might say. So that's part of it. And then translating on further down the road to, okay, we got a complaint from the customer and we have to communicate that to the supplier and we have to turn that into a correct corrective action and then track that. And then again, the software, can it handle all those kind of things with the email notifications and reminders if things aren't completed in the timeframe that's defined?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: And all those kind of things would be another thing that would be something we would be looking at. Okay. So again, just that flow, all the way down the line with suppliers. With suppliers, yeah. Yeah, bringing them online and monitoring them. And then definitely analytics for sure of how our suppliers are performing. At any given time. We would basically have a scorecard or something that we would know exactly what they're doing. We could set that up based on on time delivery PPM, whatever criteria we want to define and then basically have that information available at any point. And really, ideologically, that could be communicated to the suppliers automatically as well at a given time.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Frame. Every quarter or whatever, and that's emailed out to them. And says, this is based on our assessment, this is your performance in the last quarter or whatever. And then we can review that with them if necessary. And So yeah, analytics is definitely an important part of it as well. So anyway, I know I've talked a lot there, but that's kind of what we're looking for as far as the flow and that transference of information back and forth. Yeah, absolutely. No, the more data you give [COUNTRY], the better, Speaker 060. So always please feel free to tell [COUNTRY].
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: Exactly. What you're looking for. This is really helpful for [COUNTRY] to appreciate what you're ultimately trying to get to, right? What's that end goal with a partner? Because. It's important to know that whoever you're going to choose, this isn't really going to be a partnership for the next 10, 20 years. So you want. Someone who can not only meet your needs, but grow into it. So. The more data you can share is always appreciated. So this is great. So here in the very center trick, it's really that portal, the communication, the onboarding, cards, the scorecards. The analytics, which is great. I also heard from Speaker 075 that you're looking for kind of the more on
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: The Kappas, the audits, the document management pieces as well. Is that kind of a secondary priority for you? Yeah. Again, it's that flow from taking it from a customer complaint. How efficiently. Can we get it from a customer complaint, get it communicated both internally and externally, and then containment is usually critical, right, to prevent the problem from getting worse or spreading. So that it's communicated and then that. If it's not communicated back in the system in the amount of time that the system recognizes that and says, hey, me, tells me or whoever else, this is past due. This hasn't been answered.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Accordingly. It needs to be addressed. So then we can jump in and address it if we need to with the supplier. But it really, again, if it gets communicated and there's no questions and they input the containment, then we've had that complaint communicated to the supplier. They've done what they need to do without much interaction required on our part. Okay. And then if we, in some cases, that a lot of cases that would then translate naturally into a corrective action. And then what's that process for going from non conformance to, hey, you got to supply a corrective action, root cause do AD or whatever.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: We define and provide [COUNTRY] long term corrective action and show [COUNTRY] effectivity and those kind of things. Things. So. Yeah, that's going to be important.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Part of the process too. Absolutely. You mentioned. Complaints. Are you and I see your [CRM_PLATFORM] customer. Are you utilizing [CRM_PLATFORM] for your complaints today. At all? No we're actually not using [CRM_PLATFORM]. Right, now, complaints would probably come into [ERP_SYSTEM]. [ERP_SYSTEM]. And. That's why we don't have a lot of things. The good thing is we don't have a lot of things set up in the system. So either suppliers are at this point, we're starting this out, looking to scale this. So there won't be a lot of information that has to be pulled out of [ERP_SYSTEM] from an integration standpoint, but I'm sure there will be some integration necessary. For instance on time delivery and stuff, there'll have to be some communication between between the systems. The 2 on when things are delivered were they on time, all that kind of stuff. Just that kind of information will need to be coordinated between the 2 because that's where all of those kind of transactions are occurring as far as shipping and shipping details and all that kind of stuff. But I. [PERSON]'t think it'll be, as far as integration, terribly in depth. Because, at least for all our of those transactions are there. Group because there's not
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: A lot of existing suppliers. It's not like we have 300 current suppliers and we have stuff that has to be moved over and all this history and all this kind of stuff. That's just not there. Okay. If it translated over to some other branches that might be a little more involved strictly speaking from our group, that integration will be necessary. Okay. And do you see [ERP_SYSTEM] as a priority right now or do you see any other situations being needed? Well, if [ERP_SYSTEM] is right now, now I think we are evaluating in longer term what the ERP system and what that will be. But right now?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: It'll be [ERP_SYSTEM]. Okay. That's fair. Enough. We can do integrations at any point in time. I always just like to get an
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: Appreciation for kind
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Of where you get on that today. And are you speaking with a lot of vendors around your project?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Are you talking about other. QMS software people? Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Got…talking to basically 4 others at this point, right? Now. Kind of go through this process as well. So and our goal is to go through these go through a basic demo and then try to narrow it down. To three, if possible, that we feel like are the best options for [COUNTRY] and really get even a little more in depth in that to try to make the best decision for [COUNTRY]. On the capabilities. And I know we are looking for naturally AI, anything that can assist in that process as well, those kind of functionality and how you guys are approaching that moving forward.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Because that's moving so rapidly in every instance, right? Now. What is your goal in basically staying on top of that in the future here? Because. You said, this can be a long term commitment. So we'd like to understand that which you're almost going to have to, everybody's going to have to write over to what your strategy is to stay on top of that to make sure that the latest capabilities and stuff that come online that we're going to be able to take advantage of those as quickly as we're going to be able to do possible that. As these things, morph and continue.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: So that 3 years from now, we're continuing down that road of automating things and getting you said, instead of reactive we're getting predictive on things and we can use that technology to start seeing trends before they happen. You might say in some cases. Volcano, kind of thing. I'm pleased to share with that. We do have AI functionality within our solution. We have a great overview of
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: What is available today as well as what is coming down. The road. So hit your point, right? It's, not just about what you can get. Now, right? You want to partner in a platform and kind of growing. And right, AI is such a hot topic. And you want somebody who's kind of going to show you that they've got this piece offering and then of course, what's to come. So. We can certainly dig into that once we validate out that it makes sense to move forward and you see the demo. So I'm excited to move forward on that piece. When we talk about
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: The fact that you're evaluating other systems, I'm just curious if you're comfortable sharing, who else you're talking to?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Somebody called Unifies, or Unifies, Propel. Who, else? Sorry, I'm looking at my spreadsheet here. No, no worries at all.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: ABC Corp.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: And QMS.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Compliance.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Those are the others that we're looking at.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Helps me as out. I'm explaining variations of differences, right? So, if you want to go out a little bit,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: You're looking for that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Speaker 128, we started on the second priority here for Speaker 060. Any questions for him?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: I'm trying to think. I mean, he's shared a lot of information. Things. I would obviously like to get a little bit more info on the day to day as far as workflows and processes and all that. I don't know if we want to go through that now or if you want to wait, it's up to you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: I mean, if you have a specific question for [PERSON], feel free, but the dig in might need to wait for another conversation. Okay, yeah, then that's mainly my thing. Mean, he's been clear as far as his intentions with supplier and all that. I know, Speaker 060, that you mentioned that is your number one focus and then everything else can come later.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Or you're also going to have other stakeholders come in and give their their wish list as to what they would like to see or what they would like in a system. Life. We do have 4 different suites in our solution, one being [PRODUCT_SUITE] that takes care of the product lifecycle management and design side of things. Then we also have a [PRODUCT_SUITE], that's what you're interested in. Your main focus. Is that supplier side of things, taking that relationship from the beginning of qualification all throughout the relationship. With your vendors. So? You can track that, do scorecards.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: And so forth. Then we have a [PRODUCT_SUITE]. The [PRODUCT_SUITE] and the [PRODUCT_SUITE] work hand in hand. Together. So you're basically going to have both. In order.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: For you to have your [PRODUCT_SUITE], you will also have [PRODUCT_SUITE] because that's the way that we're going to be doing that. Linkage. Between the supplier, portal, the supplier, profiles, and the non conformances, planes, CAPAs, audits, all of those things that you mentioned. The good thing. Is that because you're going to be using both of them, you will be able to track internal audits with the same module that you're actually performing. Your supplier. You will be be using this Document Management module to provide your suppliers with your Quality module and also internally for internal SOPs, work, instructions, manuals, any type of documentation that you want your users to have access to or maybe you use also the tool for training?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So you can Activity. So, there's a lot of functionality, but you will find that there's a lot of document audits, training, you will be able to use across the board, regardless of what department you're currently in. So, if you're for instance, a department that has their safety manuals and their safety documentation, maybe they're performing their safety audits, they also would be able to utilize the tool. You don't need like a specific module more triggered towards them or designed towards them. You're pretty much utilizing a module that's going to be pretty much useful for everyone in the organization. Just wanted to kind of give you know, an idea of how our solution works. And. Then the last suite would be the safety suite. So the safety suite is going to take take care of your safety incidents, safety inspections, if you're performing if you need to track permit to work, observations, those sort of things. So I'm sure that if you haven't had an opportunity to really dig in into everything that we have to offer, Speaker 084 will make sure to share that information. And feel free. To go through that so that you can really share that information internally with your team and then we can decide what's the best way to approach this project. What. Do we want to start off with and then from there. You don't, our solution is fully integrated. And the beauty of it is also you can start off with your initial priorities and then start implementing the rest little by
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Little. So you don't have to go we're not going to push everything down your throat at once, you know?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Yeah, I mean, definitely the second and third module would be the core of what we're probably looking at.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: The what? I'm sorry?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: The second and third modules, you mentioned the quality module and the product module. And safety again, I'm newer to Tissin Krupp as well. So I'll have to get some feedback from that if they would have if others would have any interest in that. I don't know how that's currently tracked. But it may be something that there's interest in I'll just have to move and just have to gauge that. But those 2 modules would definitely be the 2 that we were that supplier onboarding relationship functionality and handling a lot of core functions.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So a lot of that today is being handled in [ERP_SYSTEM] and just basically emails and spreadsheets. Is that a good assessment based on what you said?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Yeah, I think there's a lot of external tracking of things and spreadsheets and things like that. So, I don't know, again, if you're a supporter, does it handle Calibri, does it handle things like and stuff like that as well. Well?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Have a module where you can track your equipment. We can actually track calibrations, but the training is not a calibration. It's a word where you can track when your calibrations are being done and track your results, and then when is the next calibration. Same thing with your maintenance. You schedule those maintenance equipment for and assign to an individual person and then they can sign off. I provided maintenance, here are my notes or this is what I did and you have all that tracked in the solution.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: So like, calibrations, it's going to track everything, but I'm not going to be able to do MSA or anything like that in it and you know, gauge R&R or any kind of thing like that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Exactly, correct. Exactly. That's coming normally from another system and you're saving that up, really. That's not something we offer.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Okay. Just a second. Where are you at on some of those? Of course.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Yeah, absolutely.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Well, I mean, I guess the next step then might be to would really like to see the software the interface, Inter you know, how to interface with the software. I'm really interested to do. And customization is easy to customize to me right? They're a little nuances, right? They do really want.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: They will need
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: And from there make the configurations after, just speaking and appreciation for what's available and then if you need to make the configs after that, it makes sense. Yeah, agreed.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: Yeah, also taking into consideration something you mentioned, Speaker 060, which was upgrades and they then want to stay in, love the latest and greatest. The more you use the tool out of the box, the easier it is to go through the upgrade process. So those are just things to keep in mind. But back to what Speaker 084 said, yeah, our solution is very configurable. At the same time, it's already built with out of the box workflows using industry standards. So you're going to be able to use it out of the box, right? Away.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Okay. Well, maybe the next step is see if we can set something up where we can actually I would like to just some basic things if we entered a non conformance how would that show [COUNTRY] how that flows through your software, from there to creating a corrective action to documenting that. What's the supplier interface look like from the supplier side as well as our side.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: I'll be more than happy to show you all that in a demo. But in the meantime, Speaker 084 will send you some links so that you can actually get familiarized with that. We have what we call product, tours. Those product tours actually, give you a click through step by step of all the screens, all the workflows.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 128: So you'll be able to see how the solution works Works. In all the different areas from a non conformance to a CAPA to the whole supplier management process and all that. So you don't have to wait long. You can do that right away and take a look at that. And. Then when we schedule the demonstration, then you'll be already familiarized with our solution and you can focus more on asking questions or digging in into something that you really want to spend a little bit little of time on. Bit more time.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I appreciate any kind of information. Like that. Because again, I'll review, it. I'll forward it on to others. So they can do the same at their leisure. Yeah. Absolutely. I'm kind of spearheading this, but I am sending this information on and others. Because sometimes with schedules and stuff too, it's hard to get everybody in one meeting time that everybody can meet. Of course. Can review these things at their own leisure and get the information and stuff. Yeah, absolutely. And we can always record it for those who can't make it, so that's not a problem. Either. We just choose
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: The path because then it allows people to get a preview before they come in, come to the call with questions as valuable as possible. But in the meantime, I have it noted down that the deal for demo, non performance, kappas, and suppliers would kind of be be your 3 main things, which is great for an hour and a half timeframe. But let me know once you and the team do review.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: The product tour if that changes at all and then Speaker 128 and I can adjust. Does that sound fair? Sure. What is your, I mean, how do you guys, as far as cost and is it per module, annual fee, is there licensing, what's your structure, like coming Yeah, on? Really good. Question. So Jocelyn mentioned the suite. So it's licensed by the suite on one, so that's your reoccurring.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: SAS base number that you've got for the reoccurring cost, excuse me. And. We're going to base that off of the number of users that you need within those access to those suites. So we've talked a little bit about quality, [PRODUCT_SUITE], kind of being the 3 main areas. That Yeah. Fit great within our application matching. Your needs. So we would just need to kind of see where that lines up. And then on the other side, you've got your implementation, right? And that's kind of the one time initial, unless you need [COUNTRY] for longer. Or we plan out a piece here for project specific.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: Your needs. And really the idea there is to get you up and running. We've seen that ROI as fast as possible with our solution. So there's 2 aspects to it. To answer your questions. And the licenses are aimed users. So we would just need to know kind of a breakdown of out of the 4 license types that we offer,
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: What does that look like for you? And? Then we can put together costs on both sides for you.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Is there anything you could send to me that we could try to define that? Yeah, of course. I've got a slide that talks about our license types. And then if you just share with
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: Me kind of what your license type down looks like. And then I can put together that piece. And then on the implementation side, we've got a pre scoping document, which enables our third team member on the services side to really start getting a grasp of your project and start putting together what your project looks like with [COUNTRY]. So you get a full view of that, partnership. So I will send over both of those documents to you. If you want to.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Get going on those and then we can start putting together. Some soft costs together. Does that sound fair? Yeah. Now, on the licensing part of that or the user, are suppliers and internal. All in one bucket? Is there any difference between the 2 as far as seeing the portal, those kind of things? Yeah, we do specifically have a supplier license, which is great because it allows those people who need access to the
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: Portal to have that piece, but it's at a different
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Cost for you then versus the rest of the users. So we do have that called out for you. Okay. So it'll be a separate line item there as far as cost in the there, I mean if you get to a certain point again, we're at a level. We're working to scale this longer term Term. It would be nice to know if there's volume discounts.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: If you get the spend money, do you get a certain discount for that? All those kind of things too would be helpful in the holistic picture. Naturally, we have to go and make a justification for this. We want to know both the short term, costs, the longer term costs, and then as this grows, does that change over time as well? Absolutely. Yeah. So to answer your question, is, of course, we've got the more you purchase, there's a discount available.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: To you. I think at some point if you could help me understand what future looks like. We can certainly talk about the price value that you can start to receive potentially. If we agree to a certain cadence, right, kind of moving you forward, we can absolutely talk about all of those. Options. We actually have an enterprise license agreement too. If you go enterprise wide. So at any point we can.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Talk about adding licenses or adjusting the cost, structure, et cetera. So easy to do. All of those aspects. Okay. And I do want to add, you talked about the value, too. We do have a great ROI exercise that.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: We can do for you, too, Speaker 060, that will help your leadership appreciate kind of, what the value of ABC Corp means to the organization, both short term and long term, over a 3 year span, because we do
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: 3 year contracts to start off the bat. So we can have that data to aid you as well. Well.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: All right. If you can send that information over, maybe the next step, start reviewing that, and then we can try to set up a quote, unquote demo to go through the software and
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: And see some of the functionality and the flow of things. The data. Yeah, absolutely. So just to review, Speaker 060, I've got for my action item email to follow up with you, which
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: Will have all my contact information, but I'm going to include the product tour link. I'm going to include the license type overview as well as the pre scoping document. You asked for the ROI document now, so I'll send that over to you. Now, if you like. I can also share our NDA, just so you're feeling confident that all the data is going back and forth. And then on your side, you're going to review the product tour links and just confirm back to Speaker 128 and I that non conformance. Cap is in supplier is the way you want to go for our initial demo. And then we'll schedule that demo for you. Does. That sound?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Good?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: Okay, great. Is there. Any other questions that Speaker 128 and I can answer for you while we're together?
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: No, I think that's probably it. Okay, great. Great. If more questions, come up, don't hesitate to reach. Out. You have access to [COUNTRY] all the
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 215: Time. You don't have to wait until our next demo to ask them, so feel free. In the meantime, you'll hear.
[TIMESTAMP] Speaker 060: From me shortly with this email, and we'll get going on all these great next steps. Together. Thank you very much for your time. Anytime. Nice to meet you. Yeah, enjoy the day, Speaker 060. We'll talk, soon. All, right. Same to you all. Take care. Bye bye. Bye.

---
Client resource profile: Migration-heavy project team.
Client project resource guidance: Assume client resources are weighted toward data/file ownership: client PM, legacy data owner, migration verification lead, quality approver, IT/file repository owner, and process SMEs for sample-load review. ABC Corp should expect iterative data sign-off and clearly assigned owners for extract, mapping, cleansing, and production verification.
Use this context to tailor the Client Project Resources slide and related assumptions. Keep wording conservative, avoid named individuals, and adjust based on any stronger evidence elsewhere in the transcript.
---
